0 the casino has an old appearance , decor .
0 dishonest and high pressure .
1 my super picky family left raving about how delicious and fresh everything was .
0 it 's just a pool and a small hot tub .
0 wo n't come back to harrahs again .
1 i liked this hotel !
1 the food and drinks were good too .
0 unfortunately my girlfriend and i made the mistake of actually getting a room here .
0 all in all , i would not go back .
1 the chinese chicken salad is a great compliment and totally delicious .
0 the front desk lady kept trying to put me into a smaller room .
1 our server was also very friendly and did a great job .
1 the stuffed dates are excellent and the mac & cheese is heaven .
0 even if i had a free night i would not stay there again .
0 they sent me to new york new york .
1 i think i have a new favorite shoe store !
1 our server was neil and he was very informative and attentive to our needs .
1 i love tapas , and these guys do it well .
0 i got a small beef taco and a chicken taco .
1 having a view of the fountains during dinner was an added bonus .
1 everything i 've tried here so far was really good .
0 the kitchen could n't even spare a second to check if it was done ?
0 my husband and i were asked _num_ times in one day before _num_ am .
1 very attentive and compassionate .
0 was not greeted by cashier .
1 a testament to it 's goodness !
0 why not just update all the rooms ?
0 much better filipino food elsewhere and not overpriced as this place .
1 the kids had such a good time !
0 no bacon at the buffet breakfast !
0 stay far away from this place !
1 everything we had was absolutely yummy .
0 my husband was ill and stayed behind .
0 great atmosphere , but the food was unremarkable and overpriced .
0 the reason why i gave it another star was because of the customer service .
0 but alize should really just give up already .
1 by far one of the best experiences i have had in vegas !
0 customer service is pretty much non existent , they 're rude and slow .
0 the bread was freaking awesome !
1 by far one of my favorite places to dine in vegas !
1 the steak was perfect , flavorful , tender , and delicious .
1 best wig shop hands down in vegas .
1 small plates so bring other people and order a lot to share .
0 also the annoying security asking for room keys everytime by the elevators !
1 he was prompt on delivery and pick up , and set up everything nicely .
0 this is the worst vegas experience i have ever had .
0 i will not be staying at this hotel in the future .
0 also ... the ac units are crazy loud .
1 it is always a fun time at circus circus .
0 by $ _num_ really ?
1 my favorite place to come when in las vegas .
1 the bacon wrapped dates are amazing , the flavor combination is great .
0 , and the decor is generic and worn .
1 good sangria and excellent tapas !
0 there goes _num_ more star !
0 as for the rooms ... old old old .
0 so i wait some more .
0 my advice ... do n't even try it .
0 the owner told me `` _num_ minutes . ''
1 if you 're in vegas i recommend this place big time !
1 our dinner was perfect .
0 the rooms and bathrooms are badly outdated and dirty looking .
1 this is the best fitness club i 've been to .
1 she was very professional , calm and reassuring while i was being worked on .
0 it was so loud and lasted it for over _num_ minutes .
1 also , the sangria is quite tasty .
1 perhaps it really is quite good , or maybe i began with low expectations .
0 cons : front desk staff hate their job .
0 i 've stayed at many caesars properties but this one has been the worst .
1 they 're open late and the sangria is also quite delicious !
0 so , we ordered more ... big mistake .
1 or heck , just go for really good soup and bread !
1 thanks to the entire hugo boss staff at the forum shops location !
1 this place will make for a great night in vegas .
0 it was the highlight of our meal ( as was the creamed corn ) .
1 the food is made to order and tastes great .
1 i would recommend this place to anyone that enjoys tapas .
0 only some of the veggies were actually cooked .
0 it 's not worth it .
1 she is very detail orientated ... must ask for jenny !
1 we were visiting las vegas and our daughter had a very high fever .
0 my request was ignored .
0 would n't go there for dinner the wow factor just is n't there .
1 she is professional and very nice !
0 i will never return just because of the show ticket sales people alone .
1 excellent service and the food was spot on .
0 that was a _num_ star experience .
0 there was no mention of resort fees being added .
1 jello shots are fun , too .
1 their calamari was spot on delicious , but that mushroom puff pastry was spectacular .
1 the bread is also delicious !
0 no , i 'll never have pizza here again .
1 the place is clean , easy to locate and staff is friendly and prompt .
0 second of all the air conditioning was way too loud .
0 my wife took my watch eight months ago to get it fixed .
0 please do n't waste your time here .
0 normally we have to wait about 15-20 minutes .
0 i just ignored them even when they are just saying good morning .
0 it was very blah .
0 so there is no `` sure fire '' time to get valet .
1 it has so many stops to the strip .
1 i loved the tomato soup and grilled brie sandwich .
1 this store is beautiful , the staff was very polite and helpful .
0 the place is kind of outdated and needs new clean carpet !
0 i do n't even know where to start this place is soo horrible .
0 pretty much an overpriced .
0 you got the wrong one !
1 it 's still a winner .
0 when i checked into my room , the bathtub had a clogged drain .
0 i doubt i will get food from here again .
1 the wait staff is professional and courteous .
0 , things got annoying upon our arrival at the harrah 's .
0 now , again , i understand this , as frustrating as it was .
1 well , i was satisfied .
0 everything was stale and gross .
1 the sa 's here are so cute !
1 the service is always good there , and i love the decor !
0 however , i think this place is over rated .
1 sensational food , great service and fun people watching .
1 sensational food , great service and fun people watching .
0 with that being said ... the whole casino smelled like smoke .
0 ran me away with ease .
0 there is product messed up everywhere .
0 instead i got a service that even the worst motel would never give .
1 gorgeous flowers for our wedding .
1 fantastic service and amazing tech guys .
1 portion sizes were great & the atmosphere was amazing .
0 but the pool was nice and buffet is reasonable .
1 well worth the money , it was truly an experience of a lifetime !
1 we will definitely be back for more .
1 affordable package and everyone 's friendly !
0 the final straw for me is the difficulty in booking a room .
1 i can not recommend this place enough , just make sure you make reservations !
1 keep up the good work .
1 the ginger was perfect and the oysters tasted fresh like the sea .
1 bar staff was great .
1 went there super hung over from an epic night and the food is perfect .
0 - no wifi ... .
1 the service is impeccable , the food is wonderful , and the decor elegant .
1 i love their salads , entree 's and desserts .
0 the worst hotel i 've ever had in vegas or maybe anywhere .
0 we did n't even sit down .
0 it just did n't leave a good taste in our mouths .
1 everything we ordered was good .
1 it 's nothing luxurious , but it gets the job done !
0 also during our process , the customer service was terrible .
0 a condescending store manager .
1 this gucci is a nice one with good selection .
1 so , yay for fun bartenders .
0 : ) the story does n't end there .
0 i was treated very poorly by their supervisor joy .
0 do n't think we will be staying here again .
1 great , beautiful , and perfect priced !
0 have n't stayed here in a while and am reminded why .
1 great job dragon noodle !
1 the miracle mile one is big and the line moves fast .
0 we spent our time on our vacation trying to avoid the hotel room .
1 still in my top _num_ favorite restaurants .
0 what goes around comes around , and they will get theirs !
1 a classic in las vegas , has been here for years .
1 it may seem a lil pricey , but its definitely worth the money .
1 the rooms are good and the staff is friendly .
1 i recommend splitting that between two people .
1 but you 're awesome whoever you are .
1 the service was excellent and our water glasses were never close to empty .
0 ( not sure if it 's per night ) .
0 i wish i could take my surgeon to another office but i ca n't .
1 good go to the basics too since they are open late .
1 even the bread and butter they bring out it good .
0 if i could give this place no stars i would .
1 atmosphere is nice and tropical ( as one would expect ) .
0 the smell was so bad i had to get a different room .
1 although not on the menu , i managed to order a spicy margarita .
1 great food , great service , solid ambiance .
1 the margaritas , chips , and entrees are excellent !
1 excellent service for s reasonable price .
0 that 's just bad planning right there .
1 the anniversary menu was a real blast from the past .
1 our waiter was very attentive and had great food recommendations .
0 the taste however again was on the flavorless side .
0 the pool with the slides the arcade with all those toys to win !
1 i have n't eaten there.
0 it came out cold and tasted as if it had been sitting around .
1 i did really enjoy my stay here !
1 this place is located inside the venetian .
0 according to my friend , steak tacos were meh .
1 everything i tasted was good .
0 food is too expensive .
0 i call and leave messages but they never call back .
1 nice spot with `` local '' flavor in las vegas .
1 prices are reasonable , service is great , and the ambiance is trendy .
0 : ) so upgrade it is , to a suite .
1 friendly staff and fresh warm food .
1 the food took a bit long to prepare , but definitely worth the wait .
0 my in laws room was the worst !
0 do they really think people are that stupid ?
1 it was one of those rare dishes you hope never ends .
1 it has all these different areas with different vibes .
1 i think i love you .
1 we received free tickets to this event and almost passed it up .
0 find similar deals at much better properties .
0 the staff was friendly yet extremely rushed .
0 next time i will waste my money at the mgm right across the street .
0 the buffet left much to be desired at excalibur and luxor .
1 super friendly staff and a great way to try a bunch of different dishes .
0 we all know how vegas lines are !
0 service was alright , was n't rude and not a problem .
0 our room was clean but we had a very ugly and limited view .
1 and the service was great too .
0 i hate that he gets paid ( lots of money ! )
1 service , atmosphere - awesome .
0 i am never ever gon na use lady 's foot locker .
0 otherwise , people everywhere ... gross !
1 it is all well priced , quickly made and extremely satisfying .
1 so smooth , so flavorful , so worth the visit !
1 its a lot of fun .
1 firefly was a good choice .
1 we had about _num_ different tapas to share and they were all wonderful .
1 i 've been here a couple of times and enjoyed both of them .
1 high end clothes with high end prices .
1 the service is okay but their always super busy .
1 perfect portion sizes and loads of flavour .
0 when it finally arrived it was tender but with very little taste .
0 the clientele is very ghetto .
1 great selection of tapas .
0 ok , that is it i have said too much .
1 we 'll definitely be back .
0 will not come again and will not recommend .
0 only coming here for the bakery in the future .
1 superb attention to service .
0 another strike , excalibur .
0 even though my expectations were low i have to say that i am disappointed .
1 room was huge and we had great service .
1 we will be back next time we are in town !
1 loved the dark red ambiance and lounge furniture .
0 but our waiter was mia .
1 the chips were warm and fresh and the salsa was awesome .
1 the menu for lunch was nice and the service was excellent .
1 really enjoyed the atmosphere , food , & prices .
1 michael before dinner then some last minute shopping .
0 support staff was friendly .
1 our instructor was lance , he was great .
0 the philly with mushrooms and cheese ... .
0 she told me the excalibur never checks anyone in before 3pm without the fee .
0 i was too shocked to say forget it .
1 the staff are always nice .
0 the only good thing about this hotel is the location .
1 the flautas were amazing .
1 it 's like home away from home .
1 great wait to see the vegas strip from another point of view .
0 but i 'd rather not .
1 salami and egg breakfast was excellent .
1 food and drinks are amazing !
1 everything was early , coordinated and perfect .
0 you ca n't really mess up a salad so those were fine ... .
1 the thai beef salad and beef and mushroom skewers are always a must .
1 this is so much fun !
1 it saved so much time .
1 food at the westside deli was also tasty and affordable .
1 my partner had the standard caesar and enjoyed it as well .
0 when i complained , they did n't even apologize .
0 but when i went to shower the drain was clogged !
0 if you are looking for great tapas , this just is n't the place .
1 just had a wonderful stay at harrah 's !
1 i 've done this a few times as well & it 's still amazing !
1 i really like this place and the atmosphere .
1 the steaks are great with lots of flavor .
1 i noticed that all the frozen drink places do this !
1 the hotel towers seem nice .
1 oh , and the service has always been good here .
1 this place is in the venetian and was incredible .
0 the worse stay in vegas ever .
0 i 'd hate to get stuck here ... worst nightmare come true .
0 needless to say i will never go back here .
0 security was rude and ignorant .
0 he did n't offer us a free room .
0 worst customer service ever .
0 worst customer service ever .
0 worst customer service ever .
0 off to the pool .
1 men 's clothing is on the second floor and was plenty stocked .
1 the coconut shrimp and seafood chowder soup is my favorite .
1 very extensive menu with something for everyone .
1 a little sweet but excellent .
1 love the customer service here .
1 came here for happy hour .
1 we love this place .
1 we love this place .
0 i will never reccommend this place either .
1 he was very patient with me in finding the right wig .
0 anything to try and take a buck from ya .
1 superior service by james .
1 i will definitely have to come back next time .
1 i got hooked up with a suite with a nice view overlooking the strip .
1 i will gladly pay for quality food that was obviously made with love .
0 insurance companies really need to investigate this place for insurance fraud .
0 this is the 2nd time i 've been here .
1 they have shuttle service to varies resorts to pick you up .
1 its always packed here so you really should call ahead and make reservations .
0 sad because _num_ months ago we had the same experience .
1 the location is just perfect .
0 ed and jessica are the worst .
0 he could not have been any more rude .
0 well i was wrong to pick this place .
1 the sauce that was served with it was amazing .
1 flautas are a must have ... .
0 the shower head was old and needed to be replaced .
1 i just loved this place .
0 seems they do n't have a set price .
1 we really enjoyed our meal at circo .
1 our waiter was very knowledgeable and helped me make a great decision .
0 ridiculously overpriced , you 're better off going anywhere else .
0 staff was extremely unhelpful .
0 i had low expectations going in , and they did not meet them .
1 light , fresh , and good .
1 i prefer the mango or pina colada one !
1 it adds an authentic touch to the sweet tasting drink .
1 little jenny can works magic .
0 they do n't know how to enter payments , change info etc .
0 the service started out like crap and picked up toward the end .
0 the place looks like its abandoned .
0 something going on with yelp review situation and this restaurant .
1 delicious and i 'm a real asian .
1 seriously they are one of the best .
1 it takes away from what it is .
1 he was very nice , quick and made my drink amazing .
0 the other lady was trying to rush through the busy line .
1 our other favorite dish is their first of the day catch fish .
1 consistently delicious with incredible service .
0 is there a way to avoid it ?
0 would n't even give _num_ star .
1 i found the monorail to be of great use .
0 he seems to not care by any means !
1 what a brilliant location for a walgreens .
1 and you definitely have to order a pitcher of the sangria .
0 i filed a complaint and nothing has been taken care of .
0 i was like so pissed , and i just left .
0 the worst first impression ever !
0 he came home with nasty looking steaks .
1 the appetizers were all really good and the selection of drinks is pretty extensive .
1 got me to a state that i wanted .
0 we picked this one for our kids .
0 when i arrived they requested these documents .
1 i got the _num_ octane with an extra shot .
1 service was great , food was delicious , and the atmosphere was inviting .
1 not only was each bite of food utterly delicious but the presentation was amazing .
0 visited during spring break _num_ with my husband .
0 service was courteous and prompt .
1 all i know is that ct tower is nice !
1 dinner at the oyster bar was fantastic !
1 he was patient with us , explained everything great .
0 there schedule said no restrictions !
1 the place is stunning .
0 literally nothing tasted like it should .
1 amazing seafood and i am from the pacific northwest !
0 stay away and have a better experience in las vegas .
0 their staff is incompetent .
1 thank you discount firearms for a great experience !
0 _num_ x better plus the people who work their are rude .
1 perfectly cooked , perfectly seasoned , perfectly served from beginning to end .
1 the bartender was super friendly as well .
0 i said umm this is n't what i ordered .
0 i hated paying the daily $ _num_ resort fee plus tax .
1 my boyfriend and i stayed here a few months ago to celebrate my 21st .
1 the infused vodka martini was the winner of the night .
0 looking for italian in las vegas , look elsewhere .
0 it took us _num_ minutes to get us drinks .
0 and the crispy wonton was over exposed and just way to much .
1 our server was very nice and attentive .
0 but i guess you get what you pay for .
1 i am a big fan of this place !
1 their instructor was very attentive and professional .
1 always friendly faces here !
0 i signed up for yelp just so i could leave this review .
1 but the bagels are the best ones i had outside of new york city .
0 ( bc i felt it was taking too long !
0 we walked here and there just everywhere with our luggage with horrible customer service .
1 very quiet room with view of the strip .
0 over _num_ hours for check in .
1 in sales - sean has always been helpful and well informed .
0 he said ok sorry about that and that was it .
1 totally worth going that mile off the strip .
0 the inside is n't much better .
1 this store has very unique jewelry based on coins and other ancient artifacts .
1 perfect area on the strip and near the clubs .
1 the guacamole and queso fundido were excellent .
0 short staff , long lines , and multiple outlets .
1 the food is great and the service is fantastic .
0 did i mention that i was a virgin until i was _num_ ?
0 _num_ minutes after that we ordered water to drink .
0 we will not consider staying here again .
1 awesome food , great people to meet and great sangria !
1 always enjoy their tapas , love the stuffed dates and red sangria !
1 such reasonable pricing for great food .
1 nice layout right on the canal at the venetian .
0 i went with a party of _num_ , so tip was automatically included .
0 alas , there are so many more names i ca n't recall .
1 the games are cool .
0 the ladies then went out around _num_ .
1 i had never had it and it was absolutely delicious .
0 last night something went horribly wrong .
0 there is n't much to offer here anyhow .
1 wonderful salads and soups .
1 love coming here before class .
1 it 's a great place to overly entertain your guests on the strip .
1 each time we come to vegas , this is a must .
0 mini suite room - more expensive no couch room was run down .
0 i could n't even imagine what one looks like .
1 overall though a great dinning experience and we would eat here again .
1 awesome service and beautiful decor .
0 the bathroom was a disaster .
0 rough impression from visiting the other _num_ casinos ?
1 also the mojito pitchers are delicious .
0 very disappointed for a dennys .
0 the only thing that was edible was the pot stickers .
1 i thought this was a great way to get back to my car .
0 even _num_ a night would have been fair to us but not $ _num_ .
0 my room , i did not love it .
0 atmosphere was not live .
0 rude does n't begin to cover it .
1 it 's a must-try !
0 my edamame was mushy and the seaweed salad was meh .
1 this walgreens is beautiful .
0 as a single female i was not comfortable walking around alone .
1 great pizza , awesome service martini 's rock .
1 always my first stop in vegas to get properly started !
1 a great place for breakfast .
0 now it was $ _num_ plus the balance on the credit card .
0 i 'm the manager here and i need this table . ''
0 no no no no no no no and no !
0 the location is not ideal to me .
0 even though we wound up getting married elsewhere , we had a blast here .
0 she called sushi _num_ and asked for the hours for all you can eat .
1 great food right by the canal inside the venetian las vegas .
1 well worth the trip off the strip .
1 best little tapas joint in vegas !
0 years ago , my toddler fell and split her bottom lip in the bath .
1 they are not cheap and they make rich drinks .
0 and then tell your waitress it 's nevada state law .
1 overall it was a great lunch time deal .
1 great place to get your happy you on with friends or family .
0 ordered a prime rib _num_ weeks early for christmas dinner .
0 did not think one would actually be my car unfortunately .
1 saying i love this place is an understatement .
0 same bottle was still there at 10pm .
1 this place has excellent food and the service was great as well .
0 from the moment we walked in , we knew it was a mistake !
0 the reviews on the service at the pool were horrible .
1 jenny is the best .
1 i loved my lychee sunset martini !
0 the food was just not well prepared .
1 great place keep up the great work !
0 worst experience of my life !
0 just do n't expect a magical experience .
0 this place is a nightmare .
1 the food was tasty and my dish delicious .
1 our group of _num_ all loved their food .
0 i was really dissappointed .
1 funny to see the last person who reviewed firefly is my brother !
0 but in reality , i know there will be no outcome from this .
1 great awesome authentic mexican food .
1 yes this store is super crowded but the people are really friendly and helpful .
1 good thing i found some good coupons on groupon .
0 i ca n't stop crying .
1 this was the best accident we have ever had !
1 overall , it was fine and is an ideal location on the strip .
1 the food was pretty good .
1 the food was pretty good .
0 my recommendation , stay elsewhere .
0 also , the parking is atrocious .
0 the rooms are outdated and if you want an updated room it cost extra .
1 the server said to me `` this is mexican soul food !
0 the whole experience was awful !
1 adventure dome was fun as usual .
0 i avoid this place if at all possible .
0 kinda pricey at _num_ a head to look at some wax statues .
0 i would n't come here again if it were the last place on earth .
1 it was big enough to go home and eat some more !
0 not worth the trip .
0 they sent me to a manager 's voicemail .
1 adds to the experience .
1 chips , salsa and guac were great .
0 i ordered the shrimp stir fry luncheon for _num_ .
0 it 's a very disappointing hotel to stay at .
0 it was so bad that i had to find a different casino to gamble .
1 service is a little snooty , but it is worth going for the food !
0 do i need the voice of god telling me there is a fire alarm ?
0 even this was not cooked all the way .
0 apparently , management has decided that is not an option .
1 i had the veggie noodle soup and it was excellent .
1 great place , great service .
1 they helped me with my handicap .
0 going in and out was no problem .
1 i drove by this local twice before i found it .
0 just make sure you do n't have any breathing problems .
1 the food and cocktails are awesome , and the staff is always friendly .
1 service is excellent and super attentive .
0 every other casino on the strip was booked .
1 great little off the strip place to check out .
1 i 've come here for tapas for years now and still love it .
1 but the front desk was very efficient !
1 beautiful room overlooking the fountains .
1 enjoyed our meal and time here today .
0 i could not wait to come home to write this review .
1 jenny and eva are great and their service is what keeps me coming back .
1 staff was also great !
1 the best on the strip !
1 thank you very much !
1 great drink selection including wines , great prices and good service !
0 the only edible item in the bag was the fortune cookie !
1 a great find in the land of corporate dining .
1 solid martinis , great service , and tons of good options .
0 ca n't even help a veteran out .
1 by far , the filet mignon sliders were the best , absolutely amazing !
1 great place to eat .
1 driven by the joint for years , finally stopped in .
0 there is crap everywhere .
0 _num_ hours later , we walk back , during the cold snap .
0 her response was that my time starts _num_ minutes before my appointment .
1 this was so memorable that we had to eat tapas the next night .
0 the scrambled eggs were watery .
0 the view outside my room was all brick wall .
1 great food and atmosphere .
1 i would not only use them again but recommend them to everyone !
0 third - the room is not horrible but it 's not great .
1 at this place the food is tasty .
1 the drinks are so good.
1 food and service was great .
1 go for the sangria too - it 's quite tasty !
1 the staff is always very friendly and helpful .
0 nothing drops besides the bills in your wallet .
1 it was the most vibrant sample spoon ever served to me , ever !
1 the service is wonderful , and everyone is just very nice there .
1 thank god we did because we absolutely loved firefly on paradise !
1 queso fundido comes with freshly made tortillas .
0 unfortunately i was more than a bit disappointed with flavor .
1 the osso buco was fantastic , very tender and fell right off the bone .
1 the pool area was fun for my boys , and myself as well .
1 the fish and scallop pieces were perfectly cooked and the flavor was spot on .
0 service was not very good .
1 try it you will like it !
0 not my go to anymore , sadly enough .
1 a great deal for locals with proper id .
1 the food is really authentic mexican food .
1 leisurely paced meal which is rare in vegas .
1 easily one of my favorite places in town .
1 i recommend eating at this spago location !
0 the food was average , nothing over the top .
1 firefly has such a high rating for a reason !
0 the selection was n't much .
0 it smells like smoke .
1 food is awesome and affordable for lv .
1 tremendous value for las vegas !
0 well , smelled more like an ash tray now that i remember .
1 nothing blew me away but a very solid choice overall .
1 it was good luck and good times .
0 but kudos to that employee because you are doing a stand up job .
0 she says `` your room might not be ready !
0 however the latest experience was not so enjoyable .
1 our server tina and her team were very attentive and the food was delicious .
0 housekeeping did a mediocre job .
1 i 'm a girl i like makeup and i love me some mac products !
0 really terrible service ... .
0 anyway , i 'll get to the point .
0 but i do n't judge a book by its cover .
0 it was as if she was on medication or something worse .
0 not much good to say .
0 this is no man cave it 's a boy cave .
0 i 've been wanting to try this place for some time .
0 toilet seats should n't just split apart !
1 : ) the latest styles and reasonable prices !
0 how hard is it to wash your vegetables !
1 the food was amazing .
1 the food was amazing .
1 the food was amazing .
1 they do excellent work and are a joy to deal with .
0 fyi ... that triple shot game is a tourist trap and a scam .
0 so i purchased the closest available seats which were around $ _num_ a ticket .
0 just an assistant of some kind .
0 i ca n't wait for the other one to open up down the street .
1 awesome view of the water show and great service .
0 avoid this place at all cost !
1 absolutely and unbelievable experience .
0 we were playing at a slot machine and got ignored by two cocktail waitresses .
0 no power outlets except for the one in the bathroom .
0 i ultimately walked away with nothing .
1 i loved the calamari .
0 we had such an unpleasant experience i need to warn people .
1 they are all friendly and cool .
1 i will stay again .
1 food was so good !
0 this ended up not being true , they did have a buffet .
0 the air conditioning was cold and consistent .
1 quick , easy access , clean .
0 the room was a standard hotel room , slightly dated .
1 madame tussauds is a `` must do '' when going to vegas !
1 our instructor was very nice , informative , and attentive .
0 i confirmed that we would be given two beds and we accepted .
1 the food is good and totally authentic .
1 really good service as well as dishes and drinks at happy hour .
1 she was professional and courteous on the phone .
1 happy hour never lets me down !
1 upon entering the restaurant , i loved the dcor and the ambiance in general .
0 * the casino is depressing looking .
0 his toe got stuck under the bottom , and it sliced his toe .
1 my friends liked their dishes as well .
0 so if you 're planning a stay here , request tower i .
1 love love their sangria and tapas .
0 price was $ _num_ per night .
1 teresa and her staff are the best that you can get in las vegas .
0 let me tell you it 's gone downhill .
0 but the hotel part was n't as good.
0 but the hotel not so good not so clean .
0 once the right dish actually arrived only lack luster can describe the food .
0 absolutely the worst check in experience of my life .
1 rooms are nice and have everything a patient will need to feel comfortable .
0 it 's alright food , i would just rather spend my $ _num_ elsewhere .
0 i wish i grabbed this young kid 's name working tonight .
1 the quality is consistently very good and the service is quite good as well .
1 we really like to eat here when in vegas .
0 once we were seated we waited again _num_ minutes for our lobster .
0 she could have saved me an hour trip .
0 if you want great italian at a better price , go to pasta mia .
0 no , but the crowd at harrah 's seemed extra scary .
1 the food was great !
1 the food was great !
1 the food was great !
1 great sangria , great atmosphere , great food .
1 however , i was impressed with the hotel .
1 drinks are pretty basic , stick to the menu .
1 get a reservation and enjoy yourself .
0 been to vegas so many times and never really stayed at this place .
0 the front desk told me that i have to check out by 10:30 am !
0 do n't get me wrong , i 'm all for this .
0 _num_ minutes at least with no clean up .
0 i do n't last long , i usually leave .
1 the food was incredible !
1 rooms are extremely nice and spacious .
0 as i said the rooms are small , the windows do n't really open .
0 there was no balance at all .
0 we stayed at excalibur for _num_ days the week before christmas .
1 they took care of me with great customer service from a super friendly staff .
0 man people are idiots .
1 best service , and more experienced workers too .
0 this hotel/casino is not cool .
0 so that was nice .
1 the rooms are well worth it and there 's a balcony too .
1 i had the salmon pasta that came with bread .
0 the stuff looked like it 'd been sitting there forever .
1 the dealers were great !
1 it was delicious , just like everything else i 've ever had there .
1 i highly recommend it to everyone !
0 they told me they 'd comp me a night .
0 overall , it was a bad experience .
0 pay $ _num_ a week and $ _num_ total to own it .
1 this is our favorite lunch/dinner place in vegas .
0 the bad : this is not a hotel for couples .
1 everything we ordered was delicious , the lamp chops were the best !
0 the smell when you walk in is overwhelming .
0 the starbucks in paris has wifi .
0 this mediocre , at best , restaurant has closed .
0 the games are quite boring and not many selection .
0 sandwich was just alright .
1 it 's an older hotel on the strip but i love it !
0 tacky , stinky and rude !
0 then when we got to the room we had little hairs on our towel .
0 i met my wife here for lunch on the 6th .
0 bad sign , old !
0 old and musty smelling room .
1 love this place off the strip .
1 excellent service , great food .
1 best prices for gun rentals and not overly crowded .
0 overall , i 'm not impressed with the rooms here .
0 it was around $ _num_ for a friday and saturday night .
0 the restrooms are fairly gross .
0 the only issue i have is the toilets or plumbing on the house .
0 go to the grocery store buy all the stuff and make it at home .
0 they literally walk around and kick people out of the pool area at _num_ .
1 one of the best mac stores i have visited .
1 definitely good for the younger crowd .
1 fantastic food & service !
0 it is the equivalent to a run down motel _num_ .
1 the shrimp ceviche was fresh and yummy .
0 do yourself a favor and do n't come here .
0 i 'm sorry but i would n't want to stay here again .
0 the mattress was worn out and needed to be replaced asap .
0 at the least they should 've replaced the order at no charge .
0 this place is dirty and the employees are rude .
0 checked in early and the front desk were not helpful or friendly at all .
0 i got a soggy , disgusting pile of trash with cheese and ketchup .
0 there are much better options on the strip and especially off the strip .
0 when we left because i know my stuff , and i said everything right .
1 it was the most romantic setting we could ask for .
1 this is a true nike lovers disneyland .
1 as for the sugar cookie , it was really tasty .
0 she refused to let him in .
1 definitely worth checking out even if there is nothing to buy .
1 highly recommend to all !
0 on tuesday i called the security again around 10am but no answer .
1 bulbs changed - very satisfied !
1 i will definitely be back next time i 'm in town .
0 this place sucks ass .
1 a beautiful boutique with a very unique selection of clothes and gifts .
1 all dishes are super tasty !
1 that works for me .
0 it 's in a real crappy part of town .
0 i waited a hour and no one showed up .
1 two levels : women 's downstairs , men 's upstairs .
0 too yucky to take pictures .
0 for being a resort on the strip , i was pretty disappointed .
0 sears , macy 's , and dillard 's ) .
0 but , i like the ones from crown bakery in chinatown much better .
0 also , do not eat at any of the restaurants in excalibur .
0 actually it is extremely depressing .
1 this place is mmm mmm good .
1 truly is satisfaction guaranteed .
0 both sides of pasta were poor simple as that .
0 i arrived _num_ minutes later .
1 they are from chicago so you know their deli food is good !
1 the monorail is definitely cheaper than a taxi ride .
1 they have the best mojitos & sangria .
0 red lobster at decatur and us _num_ .
1 prompt and friendly service .
0 soup & salad came out pretty quickly .
1 our waiter was so attentive and professional , with a calm and kind demeanor .
0 shitty awful expensive and disappointing .
0 this hotel seems to be very poorly run .
1 love coming here for there happy hour every week .
0 the elevators were awful .
1 do n't get me wrong , it was really good .
0 then , she served it in styrofoam containers .
1 the las vegas location was the first one i tried and i loved it !
1 they entire staff is professional and so fun .
1 and the patient is doing well , thank you .
1 the rooms are nice enough , but with few amenities .
0 when i got to hotel after driving all day there was no commercial parking .
0 unfortunately , my experience was this .
1 tony our instructor was high energy and did a lot with us .
1 great service and amazing ambience !
0 i 'm still in shock this has happened .
0 there are many games including _num_ cent video poker ( my fav ) .
1 the tables are n't over-priced and the atmosphere is fun .
1 food was pretty good and the free entertainment was better than i thought .
1 and a `` canal '' view , too !
0 i would just work on the smell it smells really bad .
0 rooms have no mini fridge , microwave , or coffee pot which is inconvenient .
0 it was horrible ... .
0 really disappointed in this place .
1 we normally went to bass pro for our purchased but these guys are great .
0 kind of ridiculous i thought .
1 excellent restaurant for breakfast and dinners .
1 excellent restaurant for breakfast and dinners .
1 but the beef empanadas were amazing !
1 personal favorite location is in the planet hollywood .
1 overall , we really enjoyed the experience !
1 both events are ideal fun for the whole family .
0 motel six without the amenities .
0 unorganized and messy , it 's almost impossible to find anything purchase here .
1 his pastas have incredible texture and the flavors are simply amazing .
0 i would argue this is hardly a resort .
1 the decor of the place is rather quaint as well .
1 strangely had to ask for menus .
0 we did n't stay for very long .
1 the food is fresh and authentic .
1 service was also great .
0 uni was brown and it tasted nasty .
1 i had fun playing the penny and quarter slots here .
0 the bathroom also was kept up the entire time i was there .
1 they loved it and the dvd was really well done .
1 otherwise , the food is awesome and worth the trip off the strip !
0 as a former server , there 's no excuse for that .
0 the rooms were quite noisy and not the cleanest either .
0 this time however , i was severely disappointed .
0 between 11pm and 6am , your room service food options are ... nothing .
1 i like fast and friendly service .
1 i had a good meal here .
1 that is a woman who has a rich life and knows what is important !
1 haha , great guy .
0 fair warning : do n't get it .
0 i ordered osso bucco so did _num_ of the other _num_ people .
1 the service was great and so were the drinks .
0 the atmosphere is chaotic with lots of loud screaming children .
1 tapas is my absolute favorite , and this place is heavenly .
1 the tapas are delectable .
1 a helpful lift up and down the strip .
1 perfect for a large gathering or romantic dinner date in a comfy corner booth .
0 our room _num_ reeked of mildew !
0 i feel bad giving two stars to the excalibur , but it deserves it .
0 the casino feels old and stinky .
1 they 're also very inexpensive !
1 very friendly and has the best customer service ever .
1 thanks for having a nice facility for us to shoot in !
1 good location just a few blocks from the strip .
0 there was no wifi which was thoroughly disappointing .
1 old world charm and delicious food .
0 no explanation , just `` you ca n't '' .
0 so i guess it was ok ... but check this out .
1 large rooms at a good price .
1 it 's by far the best place ever .
0 the room was dirty and several things were broken or in need of maintenance .
1 if you have kids , you got ta stay here !
0 i barely would even consider there food edible if starving to death .
1 great place for tapas .
0 i guess that 's why excalibur is so cheap .
1 how many `` bars '' can have that honor ?
1 found this place while wandering inside the venetian .
0 we then waited an additional _num_ minutes past the original appointment time .
1 tv was a bonus for the kids too !
0 after the shrimp disaster , we asked again about our first order .
1 overall she was very pleasant .
1 and the atmosphere is great .
1 out of all the fat tuesday 's this one is my favorite !
0 by the way the room service stops at 11:00 pm and the menu sucks !
0 this was worse than the first time .
0 they are aggressive and very rude .
0 they are very rude .
1 the prices are extremely reasonable and the tapas are really good .
1 fun and vibrant place that fills up .
0 the took over _num_ minutes to find me package on back storage .
1 the sauce was so good !
0 just expect hard beds , outdated decor and slim options for dining .
0 their food really went downhill .
0 they actually laugh at you when you lose money .
1 a half yard with strawberry margarita or pina colada with an extra shot please .
1 wonderful job , keep up the good work !
1 salsa had an amazing flavor and a kick to it .
1 the food is awesome .
0 nobody cares about you , they just see you as `` tip money '' .
0 im not sure which was worse the food or the horrid service .
0 actually , the rooms at motel _num_ probably would have been nicer .
1 super convenient and well priced compared to another competitors around the strip !
0 management or house keeping or security never once checked up on us .
1 our instructor bob was not only informative but made the experience fun and entertaining .
0 again , the location is n't that bad .
0 full cost for resort fees though .
0 a restaurant changes , they change the sign .
1 even the bread and butter is good here .
0 never offered a different bottle , etc .
1 i absolutely love this place !
0 called after _num_ minutes and she was extremely rude and dismissive !
0 good cheap beer and slot machines but stay away from the hot dogs .
0 bad service , bad management .
0 we showed him the bed and he returned _num_ minutes later with new sheets .
0 the pool and spa closes at 6pm .
1 waitress was super nice and always made sure we had drinks refilled !
0 the only thing that was pretty good was their egg rolls .
1 started us off with a nice basket of assorted breads and biscuits .
1 get a pitcher of sangria or mojito to really make things fun .
1 it hit the spot .
1 and the one on the strip next to harrah 's is pretty decent .
0 the buffet at the excalibur was very cheap _num_ for _num_ ( _num_ ) .
1 thank you i highly recommend maurice and diamond events !
1 this is our vegas fuel !
1 great food and drink .
1 the food is always great .
0 not nearly enough napkins were provided for the amount of people that were dining .
1 it 's my favorite drink !
0 most of all very rude .
0 `` she can pay with a check why would you tell her that ? ''
1 it 's a tapas restaurant so order a variety from the menu and share .
1 i loved the suite .
0 she then proceeded to put the menu into the stand without cleaning it .
0 oh god , i pity him now .
0 the sheets had holes and stains and the furniture was older than i am .
1 we definitely will be back .
0 all come with their house salad and potatoes & vegetables .
1 i can honestly say that these shoes are the most comfortable shoes ever !
0 the side dishes arrived at the table for my guests and myself cold .
0 wo n't be going back .
0 _num_ ) do they not clean their shot glasses ?
1 you will love going here esp .
0 did they ever bother to call us ?
1 everyone in our group of _num_ or so seemed to have a good time !
0 the rolls were just ok - there are better places out there .
1 definitely going back when i get back to vegas .
0 i could 've easily stolen anything .
0 stayed here once , for the price i was n't expecting much .
0 really have received no satisfaction from hotel or risk management firm .
0 overall , i 've had much better .
1 both of my dishes were wonderful .
0 the lady hurt me numerous times .
1 everything is super delish !
1 i like this place and it seems very popular .
1 what a lovely little gem .
1 i love the strawberry margarita !
1 good prices and love the atmosphere .
0 i would not recommend using this place .
1 we had a very solid experience at spago .
0 the worst ross i have ever been to .
1 had a good time tho great people and tall size drinks .
0 that 's how horrible it is .
0 i would call this `` the worse denny 's ever '' .
0 the green tea ice cream tasted artificial .
1 i love the variety of island dishes .
0 worst experience in vegas by far !
1 they were both perfect as well .
1 great place with good ambience .
1 good value , and delicious .
0 i did n't have high expectations coming here anyways .
0 the room however did n't smell like the rest of the place .
1 both times my group left happy and satisfied .
1 i liked this hotel mainly because of the swimming pool for the guests .
0 probably understaffed for the night .
1 firefly makes a great pitcher or three .
1 nicely done , very moist pan seared .
1 all in all , they nailed it !
1 the food is good here .
0 while the sushi was decent , the service was absolutely horrible .
1 it was possibly the best prepared duck breast i 've ever had anywhere .
0 god knows i was craving since lunchtime .
0 the maid went into my jewelry box and stole my earrings .
1 small little bar with fresh oysters .
1 service very good and timely .
0 ultimately , i feel they lied online to get customers in through the doors .
0 i called housekeeping and they came and cleaned the room fairly quickly .
1 had a wonderful experience for my first time in a mac store !
0 chips were crisp , fish was battered and crisp without being oily .
0 so have booked a room for my son and i for golden nugget instead .
1 we are going back this april , with our _num_ boys .
1 you have got to eat this food !
1 the workers are great and helpful .
1 this is the best of the best .
0 called them to get a hardly worn pair of shoes fixed .
1 the best bread , and free range chicken ever !
0 i 've never dealt with such rude employees .
0 some are quite annoying but they never stop !
1 we came here for dinner during restaurant week and had a great experience .
1 oh and the chips and salsa was great too !
1 this is a common food for americans .
0 update : again , just heard more stuff have been stolen from rooms .
1 always nostalgic about ny when i grab breakfast here .
0 not worth an extra star though .
0 i immediately went to the front desk and demanded a new room .
0 ive been here three times and it gets worse every time .
1 the drinks were very good as well .
1 great little bagel shop with a diner feel .
0 guess what , they were out of range .
1 fat tuesdays is a great drinking chain .
0 i want the old grill master back .
0 i had the worst experience ever !
0 guess they did n't learn much from that experience .
0 _num_ tickets for a mini bottle of bubbles ?
0 okay , it 's vegas , i can handle that .
1 must ... go ... back !
1 my friend and i both got a pasta dish and they were great !
0 agree with most of the negative reviews i have seen .
1 _num_ of us each got one of these .
1 we waited about half an hour to get seated , which was fine .
1 this restaurant is fantastic .
1 cheese board spread was tasty as well .
1 good place for a date day or night .
1 the layout was very neat and there was a lot of variety .
0 let me just say , take someone with you if you try it on .
0 sucks , but it is what is .
0 if you 're renting a car though , stay away !
0 to add on the service was not that great either .
0 bread came out burnt and the sirloin was rare .
1 well worth the trip and $ !
0 as for the rest of the store , it 's only ok .
0 no wifi ( wtf ! )
1 food , service , and prices were perfect !
0 for a convention center , i 've had better , much better .
0 very sparse on any room amenities however the bed was good .
0 the favors were perhaps too bold for me that i could only eat one .
0 waited _num_ minutes for a burrito and _num_ tacos in the drive thru .
1 this store has an excellent selection .
1 the staff is super friendly too .
1 my tummy might hurt a little bit but it 's worth it .
0 i 've stayed at the excalibur twice and the level of service is atrocious .
0 we wo n't be back .
1 thank you for a very pleasant experience .
0 we will not stay here ever again .
0 the food was very filling but the service was not the best .
0 but our room had roaches !
0 my sister had to help me get out of the stupid thing !
0 by far , the worst , most disgusting hotel i have ever stayed in .
1 good drinks that are strong and priced right for vegas .
1 excellent sangria - get a pitcher !
0 we have stayed at harrahs las vegas a half dozen times .
0 my room was average with two queen beds .
0 krispy kreme upstairs makes it less painful .
1 everything is super yummy !
0 when i asked for more , they all of a sudden ran out .
1 it was great that they offered free half an hour circus shows .
0 well the fat older lady just completely lost it .
1 everything was full of amazing flavor !
1 the steak was cooked perfect ( medium rare ) and the service was great .
0 such a waste of insurance money .
1 which is nice to see your friends jump with you .
1 our sever jesus greeted us right away and made some fantastic recommendations .
0 do not go to this show even if you have a free ticket .
1 the food is always good , inexpensive and easy to get to .
1 the monorail was clean and easily got us to our destinations .
1 i love walking around the shops .
1 definitely better than the other rooms we had paid the same price for previously .
0 every thing we ate was cold in the middle .
0 the sauce was ok , and the ingredients were flat .
1 got a full bikini wax for the first time .
1 excellent , friendly service !
0 i wish i could give this _num_ stars for that alone .
1 besides the tiny margarita we got , everything else was great !
0 my horror story does n't end with this .
0 the sales associates were very helpful .
1 you have to like sweet coffee , but it was soooooo good !
1 a nice flight of tequila to start things off .
1 not normally a tapas person but i was very pleasantly surprised by it .
0 our table was not clean .
1 we were seated immediately , great service , and delicious food .
1 beef empanadas were freaking delicious .
1 it was a nice hotel room and very clean .
0 this place is disgusting .
0 this place is disgusting .
0 if you are looking for a pizza place , do not order from here .
1 i found the owner and staff to be very personable and helpful .
0 the casino is in a bad location , so far from the central strip .
1 my boys had so much fun .
0 also no fridge or microwave .
0 cold food after a long wait .
1 they were so lovely and patient !
0 we have been loyal to harrah for over _num_ years .
0 the staff is rude and very lazy .
1 these guys were super !
0 he did n't try to accommodate and was n't polite about it at all .
0 the staff did n't know my insurance after being there three times .
1 it 's an outlet .
0 mediocre at the best .
1 this is a good place .
0 next time , i 'd probably splurge a little more on a nicer hotel .
1 still great breakfast and good value in a sketchy shopping strip .
1 great food and very flavorful !
0 my group decided on harrah 's for its location and relatively low room rates .
1 this was an amazing restaurant .
1 i love that about my doctor .
0 unfortunately , all good things apparently must come to an end .
1 check out the one also in the mgm .
1 brandon the executive chef is amazing !
0 our room was clean , but the furniture was in need of replacement .
0 if i 'm paying around $ _num_ a sandwich i want it hot .
1 really enjoyed the evening .
1 wine glass was dirty , but service was superb .
1 the food and customer service was beyond top notch .
0 _num_ for room service , the food was actually awesome .
1 i would definitely recommend it .
0 as a result , i 've booked to stay elsewhere .
0 assuming water was added because it was not that hot .
0 they were sick for three days with it .
0 the staff were nice so okay we gave it a shot .
0 our room was robbed some time after 5pm yesterday .
0 so another friend ordered a side of fruit , which we never got .
1 she is warm and have an amazing eye for beauty .
0 the security is inept .
1 mojitos are very good .
0 i went back to the decatur store on may _num_ .
0 no big deal , right ?
1 i will be back for years to come !
0 they stated they put a bag over it and ran it through the carwash .
1 he is kind , very straight forward and to the point .
0 as someone from the philly area , driving by had me pretty excited .
1 not many people actually shop here , but just walking through is exciting .
0 the tub was very cozy !
1 will definitely be back to try some of their drinks .
0 this location has been nothing but a huge hassle .
0 i would not suggest staying here if you can afford better .
1 the variety was a nice touch .
1 the food is pretty tasty .
1 great seats outside the forum .
0 are n't they making enough money off the casino ?
1 thought it was delicious .
0 ordered _num_ burgers and boy were they spicy and salty !
1 amazing atmosphere and delicious food !
0 we had to ask another waiter after _num_ mins to get our drinks .
0 overall , i was not happy that we had to stay at this hotel .
0 it knocked it down to about $ _num_ .
0 extremely rude staff member .
1 good price , room was actually nicer than i had expected .
0 store manager made my bad experience a worst one for sure .
1 it has the best vibe , best service and best food .
1 this was definitely our favorite thing we did !
1 had a great little dinner here with friends .
0 the low ceiling and poor lighting are kind of depressing .
0 i should n't even give this place a star !
1 pricier dishes but definitely worth it in my opinion .
0 the starbucks in harrahs does not .
0 i would like to give them _num_ .
0 all cars come with a two month , _num_ mile power train warranty .
1 the service is great and not pushy at all .
1 when we are in vegas with the family this is my go to spot .
1 good for kids with pool and bath tubs .
1 ( my mother-in-law said the flowers were beautiful . )
1 the staff is incredibly friendly too .
1 gold star for brandon , our server , thank you !
0 the fish here was not fresh !
0 you just wo n't feel welcome at all for being there .
1 light , delicious , and right outside the casino .
0 8th floor and room _num_ . ''
0 that was my fault but i hate to break the flow of a meal .
1 i ended ordering a couple of things for friends at work .
0 there are not enough waitresses .
1 fat tuesday seemed like the best place to go !
0 we walk in and they take _num_ minutes for a server to show up .
1 first trip and first yelp , but highly impressed .
0 the buffet was awful , with price outrageous .
1 come here and take a refreshing break from the strip .
1 loved the monorail and had no problems with tickets or anything .
1 our service was top grade .
0 not going there again .
0 fourth , everything tasted warm but on the cold side .
0 whats the point if you cant use it anywhere in the casino .
1 leave a bit of room for dessert as the pastry chef is amazing !
0 resort fees were indeed included , as well as upgrade fees .
0 but _num_ minutes later , we get the tomato juice ?
1 i came here for lunch with my girlfriends .
1 each course 's wine pairing felt like a natural compliment .
1 won $ _num_ bucks and ran to the buffet .
0 i thought it was overpriced and a waste of time .
1 yummy big drinks , this place is great !
0 there was no refrigerator , microwave , or coffee maker .
1 ( i certainly wish i did ! )
0 my experience at excalibur was average at best .
1 i liked that they have a lot of nickel machines to play slots .
1 all the sangria 's are good and they will give you a good buzz .
0 this place if awful .
0 excalibur has a pretty confusing layout actually despite seemingly being a square .
0 drinks are expensive like every where else in vegas .
1 definitely nice for people watching .
1 a great light dessert before dancing the night away in vegas .
1 the extra shot is just $ _num_ and definitely worth it .
0 the heat you will not use alot cause its hardly freezing outside !
1 the atmosphere was great and the service was excellent .
0 the selection of stores here is only average .
0 the excalibur certainly was not that place .
1 try the steak and mushroom skewers , amazing !
0 she said that was not her job .
1 super fast free wifi .
1 we had an excellent stay at the circus circus .
0 no lie i waited _num_ .
0 the good part is it does n't have an casino full with cigarette smoke .
0 _num_ minutes later she came to ask another question .
0 resort fee is ridiculous ( $ _num_ ) , you get nothing for it .
1 the cuban sandwiches are amazing .
1 i definitely will come back with my friends when i 'm in town .
0 was in two different rooms , neither had internet available .
1 great ratio of seafood and veggies .
0 if it was n't for the free offers i would n't stay here !
1 what a great night out , we will be back !
0 if you 're getting free room offers , this is an okay hotel .
0 this hotel does n't offer anything for a business traveler ... go elsewhere !
1 i love seating in the upstairs bar .
0 the other person 's luggage was in the hallway too ... .
0 just about everything here is understaffed .
0 at this point , i was at my limit .
0 nothing special for $ _num_ .
1 it did open up nicely and improved as the meal went on .
0 a caesar salad $ _num_ for a sit down breakfast $ _num_ .
0 i was promised biscuits each time the server came , but alas !
1 both locations are amazing !
0 it feels like you went back to the 70s .
0 well im learning the hard way how bad it is .
0 i spent so much money to play in this casino .
0 they want _num_ minutes of your time and $ _num_ deposit .
1 the sliders were good as well as the calamari and sashimi .
0 not to mention , it tasted more like crab meat than it did scallops .
1 they are very strict & safe about visitors .
1 there is something for everyone here .
1 lovely location on the canal .
0 and it was really really slimy inside .
1 the tapas are creative and delicious !
1 the monorail is very convenient especially during the hot summer months .
1 in regards to the piano bar , it is always fun .
0 this was the biggest waste of money ever !
0 that even included drinking water .
1 great bagels , best i 've ever had !
0 alize is the biggest disappointment in las vegas .
1 the service was wonderful , the prices were reasonable , and the food !
1 the cocktails are great here and the happy hour deals are wonderful !
0 really are you kidding me ?
1 memory of a lifetime .
0 i 'm sick of this shit .
1 there is a varied menu of tasty tapas with something for everyone .
1 sangria smooth and tapas so good .
0 worst hotel i have ever stayed at .
0 worst hotel i have ever stayed at .
0 do n't waste your money and tip money at this place .
1 highly recommend to all .
1 i 'd recommend this place .
1 the food was amazing , we ordered all sorts and every dish was delicious .
1 we got a lot more than we thought we would for the price .
1 worth it to me !
0 as you can imagine i am pissed .
1 great food , excellent location , stellar service !
0 so i stayed here last weekend from thursday to sunday .
0 did n't realize i did n't get it until i started driving away already .
0 another issue once in the room at harrahs was the ac .
0 with tax my total bill was $ _num_ not counting a tip .
1 the caribou coffee is outstanding .
1 i really enjoyed my dinner at spago .
1 got the bbq pork soup with wonton .
1 1st off , the history of this place alone is worth the visit .
1 we had fantastic service , and were pleased by the atmosphere .
0 everything about it was bland .
1 well for a free ride , it certainly was n't bad at all !
0 this is how they they deal with battered owners .
1 thanks again to the great staff !
1 it was definitely pricey though !
1 it is the perfect place for kids .
0 the menu did not have anything very adventurous , in fact quite the opposite .
1 great bolognese and good atmosphere for people watching !
0 very disappointed in the room .
0 toilet would n't flush properly .
0 we are vegetarians , do n't eat any meat other than fish .
1 i absolutely loved the presentation of the oysters .
0 it was really unbelievable some of the stuff he said .
1 the food is consistently good and the service has always been wonderful .
0 yes , lori i will keep following up until .
1 every trip i buy the _num_ hour pass and it 's well worth it .
0 star reviews do n't make sense to me .
0 honestly , i was asked that at least _num_ times in two days .
1 enjoyed the sample of tomato soup .
1 this place is a hidden gem !
0 the `` fried shrimp '' was breaded with panko .
1 the atmosphere is so inviting , and relaxing .
0 after our wedding , i noticed that one of the diamonds fell out .
0 do pairs , go in groups , just do n't walk by yourself .
0 he would n't listen rolled his eyes and was beyond rude .
1 we came for late night happy hour .
1 their lobster stuffed mushroom is simply delightful !
0 i 'll give this one the number _num_ spot for worse denny 's .
1 our service was fantastic , the food was delicious .
1 mac and cheese is very good .
0 the hotel itself was mediocre .
0 worst `` premium '' room ever .
0 this hotel seriously needs an upgrade tho ... .
1 sunrise and the lovely staff have earned a patient the other hospital lost !
0 nothing terrible , just no reason to go back .
1 brenda in the office is a doll .
1 highly recommend this activity when visiting vegas .
0 it took me the entire trip to figure out my way around .
1 service is usually good .
1 harrah 's is in a great location right in the heart of the strip .
0 but , we had a view of the brick wall of a tower .
1 service was prompt and attentive .
1 very hard to choose what i wanted , menu is great .
1 there falafel and calamari were so delicious and fresh .
0 i did not have a view so not much to note there .
0 i 'm extremely disappointed .
1 wow ... the food was fantastic .
0 yet there was nothing wet inside the car .
1 the specialty cocktails were awesome and rounded out our great lunch .
0 they used american cheese , no option for cheddar , swiss , etc .
0 i would not recommend this hotel to anyone !
1 great place for shopping , dining and late night fun .
0 the wait staff and bartenders are rude .
1 i come here for happy hr all the time , i love it !
0 room service '' , an awful sound at 9am .
0 they where not offered assistance in any form .
0 and was very helpful and knowledgeable with helping me understand `` the lines . ''
0 there was a light bulb missing in one of the lights .
1 i will definitely order one in the future .
0 not to mention that the tv channels suck .
0 only gave _num_ stars because they sprayed our room and have a refund .
1 the service was fast & prompt and there food was delivered pretty efficiently .
0 at this point i am just hoping things are clean .
0 they were never sent out to be fixed and no one had called me .
1 we will definitely be back .
1 we will definitely be back .
1 we will definitely be back .
1 we will definitely be back .
1 our food was great !
0 normally the fee is $ _num_ per day .
1 inside there 's a wide variety of shops , restaurants and of course gambling .
1 a great tapas restaurant !
0 yeah i do n't recommend staying here ever .
1 best margarita i have ever had .
0 that 's ridiculous and just wrong .
1 a good chance to experience a variety of flavors without stuffing yourself silly .
0 please do not eat at the buffet .
1 they were extremely nice and made it worth it to play there !
0 i wasted my time and money coming here .
1 amazing sangria , great tapas , good looking people .
0 stuffed eggplant and meatballs were good .
0 service is tremendously slow .
1 the room is super clean and comfy .
0 there is no tub , it 's just a stand up shower .
0 honestly , i had no choice .
1 cool place , mellow .
0 it seems like it was at least _num_ pages long !
1 plenty of equipment , without somebody standing right right next to you .
0 no one offered to comp my room .
0 the internet is horrible .
1 the enchiladas are rich and delicious .
1 we will definitely go back !
0 easy access to all of the strip and a tram to other casinos .
1 calamari : very crispy and comes with a delicious dipping sauce .
1 i usually sit in the bar and the bartenders are friendly and attentive .
1 seriously , this place has easily become our favorite restaurant .
1 great food and service and great wine list .
1 excellent margaritas , chips and salsa and guacamole .
0 i got a gel manicure and a spa pedicure .
1 it was so delicious !
1 it 's a super super awesome good time .
1 fresh , colorful , and perfect flavor .
0 next time i will not be staying at this hotel .
0 i really want to say nice things about polo towers .
1 the best flavor in my opinion is the _num_ octane .
0 _num_ minutes went by again , no first round .
0 wo n't be coming back here to dine .
1 i love this place !
1 i love this place !
1 i love this place !
1 i love this place !
1 i love this place !
1 i love this place !
1 i love this place !
1 i love this place !
1 i love this place !
1 i love this place !
1 i love this place !
1 i love this place !
1 i love this place !
1 i love this place !
1 i love this place !
1 i love this place !
1 i love this place !
1 i love this place !
0 i was just going in for a fix it nail .
1 this is my favorite casino to gamble in .
1 the hotel was great , i would return definitely !
0 cons : no room in the entire hotel has a bathtub .
1 my favorite : bellini !
0 did not bring _num_ items ordered .
1 the most friendly and informative staff .
1 food was soo good and service from tina was superb .
0 simply unacceptable in my eyes .
1 firefly , i 'll be back soon !
1 one of my favorite places to eat in town .
0 after the specials were presented _num_ entrees were selected .
0 the buffet is horrible .
0 the bathroom floor was not clean .
0 there is no safe and small fridge .
1 the sangria is also amazing .
1 the price is decent too .
0 the decor was old and drab .
0 i 'm so done staying here .
0 i would never step foot in this filthy casino again .
1 they seem to have a great community and know all their regular customers well .
0 then our third they lost our vehicle key at the bell desk .
0 valet was n't the greatest .
1 excellent food , excellent wine selection !
0 i was not surprised at the other places and their negative reviews !
0 i understand = i do n't care .
0 this place reminds me of a motel _num_ in a castle form .
1 the employees are always really nice and the food is amazing !
0 very expensive for a sandwich with very little meat and even less cheese .
0 we went back outside and waited another _num_ minutes ... still no one .
0 stay away if you have moderate standard requirements .
1 as my first meal in vegas , i was pleasantly surprised with circo !
0 i 've had several items , all were average .
1 so happy to find this place .
0 when i come back to vegas i wo n't be coming back here again .
0 _num_ tvs on sports channels and some video poker inside .
1 overall , i loved it and we will definitely going back here .
1 perfect place to dine alone at the bar .
1 the buffet was superb , although i was too hungover to fully enjoy it .
0 the worst meal ever !
0 stayed friday and saturday night there this weekend .
0 it was overall cooked perfectly but very bland .
1 bellini is the best flavor !
0 uni was not great .
1 it is a must go to when i hit up vegas !
1 quick service , neat island style decor .
1 god bless the monorail !
0 air quality is poor .
0 ok ... my issue is not the fact that they need to update .
0 they have let themselves totally go down the toilet .
0 first off this rating is based on the horrible food service scene here .
0 she gave me no paperwork to sign or anything .
1 it 's upscale comfort food at its best .
1 really cute family-owned restaurant .
0 it 's been _num_ minutes and no food yet !
1 terrific place for a date !
0 the food was ok , nothing crazy delicious .
0 she 's rude as hell .
1 everything on their extensive tapas menu is great .
0 is the slowest , most unprofessional place i have ever been .
1 the crowd is young and attractive .
1 four of us had a great meal at spago !
0 the sides were ice cold a mashed potatoes & grilled carrot & greens .
0 the worst online shopping experience ever !
1 came here with my husband for breakfast and it was great !
0 do n't even bother setting one toe in the door at that place .
1 it is a nice hotel off the strip .
1 make a reservation , though !
0 teller said wait for an officer .
1 plus the decorations and the ceiling are very nice .
1 loved the beef tar tar appetizer .
1 - filet mignon sliders ( delicious ! )
0 i called the front desk again , they assured they had called security .
1 i will definitely visit there when i 'm next in vegas !
1 all the service here is great .
0 completely run down and stinks horribly .
1 above par food and drink for a vegas mexican restaurant .
0 the food is not even authentic .
0 you can not check into the hotel until 3pm .
1 nice `` at home '' feel while you 're on vacation .
0 unbelievable that the offered us two different table across the room from each other !
0 i will never stay here again and will tell everyone else not to either .
1 it 's definitely worth the drive here for the steakhouse alone .
0 the salmon she ordered was n't fully cooked !
0 i have never been so disrespected in my entire life .
0 i do n't know why so many insurance companies have her as a provider .
1 he was so fun to talk to and made our decisions easy .
1 takes up the corner spot in a large shopping center , big parking lot .
0 almost yellow in color , smells nasty and the meat is just little bit .
1 wow this place is soooo fun !
0 took my daughter down to the arcade .
0 however , i apparently waited to long .
0 it is dirty and the clientele leaves a lot to be desired .
1 worth making the trip off the strip for !
0 then housekeeping never came to clean the rooms .
1 it was creamy and perfectly cooked .
1 very soothing colors and cloth napkins for your hands !
1 it was good , what you would expect .
1 karen provided amazing service .
1 the sangria was good and the tapas were even better .
0 i will not be shopping there any more ... their loss !
0 check in line was slow ... total rewards was a mess .
0 - the lobster `` escargot '' was terrible !
0 out of the four dinners , not one of us was satisfied .
1 i highly recommend this place !
1 i highly recommend this place !
1 i highly recommend this place !
1 the menu is not extensive but it is very delicious .
1 my favorite bagel shop in las vegas .
0 from the minute you walk in it will be regret if you stay here .
0 she did n't want to stay at harrahs anymore .
0 change your service or get the heck out of hospitality business !
0 * no reservations at bar .
1 so happy and delighted with them .
0 i could n't even taste the meat !
0 i did not like this hotel at all .
0 lie to us and then stick us in a gross room .
1 stayed at this hotel twice now .
0 also it was more expensive than before .
1 the dish as a whole was superb !
1 these guys are just of the strip and worth the trip .
0 find another place just off strip .
1 its a fun , loud place with great food !
1 thank you we will be back !
0 worse customer service ever !
0 new cooks , place sucks now .
1 another great meal at bahama breeze !
1 they were pleased with their meals as well - we all cleaned our plates .
0 would not come back .
1 great location next to the canal .
1 my boyfriend and i ordered chips with salsa and guacamole ( sooo good ) .
1 the pool is beautiful and refreshing .
1 i love the salami and eggs .
0 so here is an update , _num_ months later .
0 so here is an update , _num_ months later .
0 the worst hotel ive ever stayed in .
1 also loved the bread pudding and chocolate tres leches for dessert .
1 the staff is great and quick at making my drinks .
0 when i came on saturday , they sent me right to an upgraded room .
0 there is no wifi .
1 the food was n't necessarily phenomenal but all of the dishes were good .
0 thus , no business for them .
0 i am not impressed with this restaurant .
1 we chose this place after reading yelp reviews and were very happy we did !
1 honestly not _num_ single complaint !
1 i came on a weekday after the lunch rush and enjoyed fast service .
0 officially my last visit to one of these !
0 so far , the longest i have had to wait is about _num_ hour .
1 their sangria was amazing !
0 made us wait _num_ minutes for our check and box .
1 our server was friendly and efficient .
0 okay , great , but i 'm here for take-out .
1 good food great atmosphere love it here !
0 kinda sad soggy fries .
0 at first , i did n't mind paying for the drinks .
1 the place is incredibly romantic .
1 had a smoothie , and nearly died it was so good .
1 the chips and salsa are very good .
0 i did n't even stay here .
1 i love this place - one of my top _num_ restaurants ever .
1 this will go down as an all-time treat .
0 there was no fridge .
0 my room smelled like raw sewage .
0 i went to _num_ different ross las vegas locations looking for the sleep set .
0 when you come in smells like some one die in it !
0 the manager was a tall man , bald and was not sympathetic at all .
0 would n't stay here again .
0 oh , and all towels smelled of mildew .
1 well worth the investment !
0 the thermostat did n't work .
1 great selection of tapas and awesome sparkling sangria !
1 the food was so good that i decided to start writing reviews on yelp .
1 the service was great although the place was packed !
0 i had mixed feelings about the other features of the hotel .
0 would stay again , and hopefully get better service .
0 i cut them off and told them i was not interested in that garbage .
1 food good and wine list extensive .
1 cocktails hit the spot at 3-4 $ happy hour .
0 _num_ ) room is ok .
1 attendants on duty so that 's good and they are friendly and helpful .
0 desk staff was awesome and helpful .
1 great happy hour deals on house margaritas .
0 take them to a better and friendlier place .
0 i 've never given a hotel just _num_ star before .
0 stayed here _num_ times altogether .
0 it was a little bitter for my taste .
0 2nd time i went .
0 parking is not included in the $ _num_ resort fee !
1 the flautas were delicious .
1 i 'm always surprised this place is still in business .
1 i will definatly be back if i ever need to do this again .
1 found out via other yelpers !
0 in all honesty , i 'd prefer my _num_ minutes back .
1 i just had my wedding reception there and the food and atmosphere is amazing !
1 all the bread and pastas are made in house and are so delicious .
0 i explained my situation and was shown _num_ cars .
1 had a fantastic lunch here .
1 service is excellent too .
1 expanded shoe and jewelry selection .
1 the pasta dish was delicious .
0 decided to stop here for some late night eats after a night spent downtown .
1 they were amazingly good .
0 this is the worst denny 's i 've ever been to .
1 i 'd recommend it .
1 something as simple as the parmesan fries with aioli are amazing .
0 pool : what a dump !
0 i guess it 's ok if you do n't mind the old vibe .
0 the slots did n't pay out for us at all .
0 but that has already been said .
1 harrahs scores high from me .
1 great food , wonderful staff and fun atmosphere .
0 i was very dissatisfied with the room .
0 stood in tower _num_ , needs to updated badly .
1 you are right smack in the middle of the vegas strip .
0 needless to say we wo n't recommend or every stay at the excalibur again .
0 sadly excalibur is no exception .
1 the sangria is by far the best in town .
1 this is a great find for both locals and visitors .
0 our room was located in the 25th floor in tower _num_ .
0 server was alright not that she was great but she was n't bad .
1 def try breakfast here and the bagels are the best in town !
1 we enjoy this place , so we keep coming back .
1 everything i had was excellent !
1 came here for a cocktail and light lunch during our most recent trip .
1 high top tables with high chairs .
1 firefly is always packed and i have never had a bad meal here .
0 in short , i do not recommend this show .
0 the turkey burger looked , tasted , and felt like leftover meatloaf .
1 the guac was delicious and the view amazing .
0 we arrived at 12:30 noon to an absolutely empty restaurant .
1 nice service nice quality nice atmosphere , will come back again .
1 this place has been around a long time and is really good .
0 standing around chit chatting asked for a host _num_ times !
1 everything always fresh and made to order .
1 i 've always loved bahama breeze and this location is no exception .
1 the service is fast and attentive .
0 when i arrived the shop had _num_ other people , so not busy .
0 in all of my life i have not seen this before .
1 lots of plus size options , which is extremely rare !
1 the staff is helpful and very positive .
1 wonderfully sized for a room with _num_ queen beds .
0 no one ever asked though .
1 they have the best sangria hands down .
0 but sadly , i will not stay in the hotel here again .
0 the food and menu looks like it has n't changed in _num_ years .
0 bagels was n't the best i 've had .
0 they were not busy at all still took so long to get me started .
0 seriously , get rid of these clowns !
0 worse still , harrah 's seems to be the only one .
1 the mac and cheese was also delicious .
1 really , the most thorough museum tour i 've ever done .
0 this lack of competition also makes them not care about marketing .
0 housekeeping is so loud .
0 it would have been a better experience to do it myself at home .
0 if i could give this dump a zero i would !
0 i must say , i am glad we only ordered _num_ plates .
1 the pasta option i ordered for dinner was well done and damn tasty .
0 the beers were pretty yucky anyway so i did n't care .
0 the casino staff is more helpful than the hotel staff .
1 the bartender , aaron , is awesome !
0 the guy working , cesar , was so unbelievably rude .
0 they made the situation like it was our fault .
0 they made the situation like it was our fault .
1 well worth the price !
0 there is no actual street access .
0 not necessarily flavorful - but humongous .
0 the clientele in the casino were very creepy .
0 i wish it was possible to give `` _num_ '' stars .
0 they said they could accommodate us , no problem .
0 i am very disappointed .
0 i am very disappointed .
1 my meal at firefly was the best in vegas by far .
0 it smelled like old motel .
0 point is do not waste time on this place !
1 the bartenders are really nice and quick .
0 i however , mind and will not be staying here ever again .
1 one of my favorite restaurants in vegas for sure !
0 the food is okay but expensive for vegas .
1 excellent service , nice atmosphere , good food , and great drinks .
1 reasonable prices , centrally located on the strip and friendly staff .
1 i think for the price that groupon offered , its very well worth it .
1 best bang for your buck , and they taste great too !
1 the tapas were great , ceviche was amazing .
1 and the service is always top notch .
0 without even asking , they brought me edamame and miso soup .
1 and it 's fun .
0 my husband , visited the store earlier this morning to get our family breakfast .
0 i do not recommend nor will i ever use them in the future .
1 an enormous place that has everything you could possibly want .
1 the guy was really nice .
0 im not sure i would have finished my orders .
0 but i had the worse experience ever .
1 great menu and great atmosphere .
0 i do n't know how the workers can work here .
1 the bagel was good .
1 located inside ph miracle mile and a quick and affordable stop for a treat .
0 which makes sense of all the trash !
1 we had to do that ourselves and had a great time .
0 this was a mistake .
0 nice gesture but this is not a welcome pack .
0 our tower _num_ room had a view of the monorail .
0 i walked in here twice .
0 the wait is almost always a minimum of _num_ hours .
0 i have a sleep numbers bed .
0 just a blanket with two sheets around it .
1 we sat at the bar with an extraordinary bartender named emily .
0 the veal shank ( osso bucco ) was fork tender but bland .
0 she does n't typically like cheese steak sandwiches .
1 orange juice is fresh squeezed and coffee is good .
1 i took my gf here and it was good dining experience .
1 but the food was also really good !
0 it 's not even worthy of a star .
1 yummy food and tasty sangria !
1 reminds me of islands back home .
0 just the worst ever .
1 i highly recommend this store and their outstanding staff .
0 excalibur hotel is a giant , cheap motel .
0 service was good enough .
1 turkey club sandwich rates a very good !
0 this was on december 8th _num_ .
0 we sat in the bar and we had a piss poor server .
0 besides the low price , there 's nothing really special about the hotel .
0 she was just absolutely terrible .
0 so yes , you could very easily get your entre $ _num_ cheaper .
0 do n't gamble on your place to stay .
0 i should have talked to a manager .
0 and plus , it 's just bad for business .
1 the happy hour is absolutely fabulous .
1 i had a marvelous dining experience here !
0 will i go back , maybe if someone else buys .
0 a fairly miserable night for $ _num_ more than the original price .
0 i 'll pay top dollar for food- if it 's worth it .
0 i would be very very careful about going back there .
1 overall good experience and would recommend .
1 i love it here !
1 needed a cool refreshing snack after doing a small hike .
1 happy hour is from 4-6 pm monday - friday .
1 it was worth it .
1 but it is all really good and a great neighborhood breakfast and lunch joint .
0 ambiance - positive two stars
1 i mixed the margarita and mango and that was good .
0 it 's not authentic , and it does not have a great menu offering .
0 i guess i was wrong .
1 i had the shrimp , avocado and crab tower and it was delicious !
0 every thing else sucks .
1 great view of the fountains .
0 the casino is nothing special .
1 the service is always attentive .
1 we had an awesome time !
1 all the food was tasty and fresh .
1 the sangria is good but i prefer the mojito better .
1 but it was a cool experience .
0 but they could n't with harrah 's terrible wifi .
1 the best tapas restaurant i have ever been to .
0 excalibur , not a fan .
0 leave me alone . '
0 the food is crap at best and inconsistent all the time .
0 words can not describe the disappointment i feel .
0 in reading other reviews it seems that this is not out of the ordinary .
1 my hubby and i really really like this place .
1 it was the perfect choice .
1 firecracker shrimps , spinach dip , sesame crusted ahi ... soooo delicious !
0 i put the sun chips back , the female employee was right there .
0 do not do business with these people .
1 my wife and i had been here years before and enjoyed it .
0 hoping for another customer service representative ( nope ! )
0 so i booked this hotel for the same reason that most do .
1 i 'd take the kids back for sure , it was a cool experience .
0 they said they could not find me and ran it through the car wash .
0 room smelled like pissed & the sheets were dirty .
1 i ate the most amazing set of crab claws from florida .
0 it was not the worst but there is far better .
1 red sangria is very nice with lots of apple in it .
1 this place was really good .
0 the rooms are all old but for the price i guess you cant complain .
0 i went to lunch with some coworkers .
1 this was some of the best food and service we 've ever received .
1 firefly fries were pretty delicious too .
0 the site to store has certainly been a hit and miss .
1 i loved this place .
1 i loved this place .
0 avoid that tower at all cost !
0 the cheap prices are not worth it .
0 oh ... there they are ... sitting in the window .
1 we won a lot of stuffed animals and it was fun .
1 needless to say my meal is always more enjoyable when this is the case .
1 their service was very quick and friendly .
1 save the best for last .
0 why make an appointment if you do n't honor them ?
0 i am going to try to never have to stay here again.
0 could n't seem to ever get valet to park the darn car .
1 it 's like a fine wine .
0 me and my fiance stayed here while we were wedding venue hunting .
1 service had been great for the times we went .
0 would n't come here if you paid me .
0 the rooms were outdated and kind of smelled .
0 clearly vegas is trying to shake their `` family friendly '' image .
1 every time , the fish is cooked perfectly and the service impeccable .
1 overall everything was good .
1 great store with great employees , and the prices are good too !
0 this is no big deal .
0 went late and had park in back and hope i did n't get towed .
1 wow what a way to celebrate in vegas .
1 i also tried what my friends had ordered and everything was tasty !
0 - mediocre sushi at best .
0 i know granted i was wearing casual clothing , but i do not steal .
0 he was n't pleasant & barely even spoke .
0 it was to hot in there i could n't sleep .
0 manager was rude as well .
1 but the club is clean and well equipped .
1 great food and great service .
0 change it & you might just drive better business .
0 what a waste of time .
0 i honestly did not know you could mess up scallops .
0 i then realized the penny was the fix !
1 this really is a great shop .
0 no room service after _num_ pm .
1 love it for the chicken entree and pizza !
0 thanks for the shitty sake !
1 clean store , solid customer service .
0 its $ _num_ per night !
1 now this is what we crave everyday !
0 considering the prices i would never return to this establishment for any reason .
0 this stay proved that to be the case in the hotel areas as well .
0 the bartender just placed _num_ different open bottles on the bar to look at .
1 this place is fantastic !
0 now for the biggest problem of all .
1 i always order when i visit !
1 great food and service from frank .
0 that cost $ _num_ extra , each plate .
0 check in was bad .
0 nothing in room a stained old chair desk beds and tv .
1 every employee that we ran into was nice !
1 the piano players were fun , and they knew ever song that was requested .
1 i really enjoyed the ceviche .
0 while the server was nice and polite the food was horrible .
0 circus circus seems cleaner .
0 i did n't sleep the whole time i was there .
0 for that type of service , the food was overpriced .
1 i 'll be going back again , and again .
0 i wo n't stay there again .
0 i wo n't stay there again .
1 we went as a group of five and loved the atmosphere .
0 to hell with this place .
0 the concierge desk was the only highlight to this trip .
1 the food was excellent , across the board .
0 most bullshit business ever !
1 nice ( but pricey ) shops .
0 i have stayed in a much better motel _num_ .
0 by the way , the butt stayed there for _num_ days .
0 overall our stay sucked !
0 a little out dated and the air quality is n't the best .
1 refilled out drinks consistently ... .
0 no wifi , but i absolutely do not care .
0 so i went without water in the desert .
1 all very good : ) i will be back .
1 we should 've ordered another one because we loved all the little desserts .
0 this meant sending the food back and waiting for it to be cooked again .
1 ordered a makers mark whiskey sour , enjoyed that too .
0 this place does n't care about you at all .
1 stay away from entree because the tapas are usually delicious .
1 this is the best hospital to have baby .
0 the doc office had an issue with the lab they sent my x-ray to .
1 the good : plenty of parking in this strip mall _num_ .
0 front desk , are you asleep ?
1 it was very very good .
1 we ordered an amazing prosciutto pizza .
1 she wished me a happy birthday and even gave me a flower !
1 eva did a wonderful job .
1 they made my birthday fun , special , and not super expensive .
0 simply had no good taste of flair at all .
0 chevy told them is losing pressure in motor .
1 have a yourself a good time .
1 ate a late dinner there and had excellent enchiladas !
0 the bed was comfy , the tv was nice , overall very clean .
1 my friends were also very satisfied with their dishes .
1 i would def recommend this place to any and everyone !
0 all in all , i see no reason to give them a 5th chance .
1 the food was great , the service wonderful , the place was clean .
1 the coconut shrimp are awesome !
1 we always come here at least once during our vegas trips .
0 skip this expensive place .
0 but nothing like this .
1 service was friendly , fast , and unobtrusive .
1 fabulous top notch service , we were even given a local 's discount .
1 the most fun you can have in las vegas with you clothes on .
0 its such a mess !
1 great bahama drinks , great food , great live music !
1 food was good , room was clean , casino was nicer than i expected .
1 sometimes there 's a wait but that 's because it 's sooooo good !
0 get to room and it does not look newly renovated .
0 you can get a over priced haircut elsewhere .
0 i said he could give me a coupon for something off .
0 i said he could give me a coupon for something off .
0 they are slow , rude and overpriced .
1 you should make a visit when you 're in vegas !
0 , so the excalibur fit the bill .
0 but i 've been in worse hotels .
1 an upbeat group of folks .
1 for desert we tried the flan , which was unique and super tasty .
0 the worst hotel i 've ever stayed !
1 a great place to browse if you have more time than money .
1 what a great experience .
0 the lobster bisque did not have a strong enough lobster flavour .
0 i do n't leave trash on the inside and take good care of it .
1 they accommodated us last minute for a party of fifteen so that was nice .
0 not even an offer of a phone book or anything .
0 i would not refer anyone to this car lot .
0 our stay at harrah 's was a big disappointment .
1 i think their ny strip is the finest in las vegas .
1 everyone was great and helpful !
1 very well chosen colors and pieces .
1 absolutely would stay here again , one of the best deals on the strip !
0 the buffet was terrible as well .
0 the big problem is actually eating there .
1 so i came with them this time .
1 excellent food ... everything in the menu is great .
0 i do n't recommend & wo n't be back !
0 it made chuck e cheese look like a luxurious spa destination .
1 it was very good !
0 this is ridiculous and very wrong .
1 great location right smack in the middle of the strip .
0 the eggplant was so little , could barely taste it .
0 worst customer service ever ever ever .
1 my kids had the most amazing time there today .
1 shared the fried wontons which were really good .
0 a lot of reviews talked about spinach raviolis in cream sauce .
0 if there was a zero star i would use it.
0 i went downstairs to print out my boarding passes on a paid terminal .
1 the duck haunts me , it is so sweet , moist , almost beautiful .
1 will stay here again .
1 definitely will come back again and again when i am in vegas .
1 you and your staff have helped our smiles remain beautiful .
1 the helicopter ride was fun and exciting !
1 ambiance was wonderful - sat outside .
1 the food in the cafeteria is pretty tasty for being a hospital cafeteria .
1 i just love love love my personal shopper ... .
1 the ambiance and the service were incredible !
0 this does n't take a manager , just training .
0 stayed in the mardi gras tower on the 16th floor .
1 the service was friendly and quick too .
1 i was overall satisfied with my visit .
1 they treat vegas locals good .
0 we arrive and there are _num_ front desk windows open .
1 great prices great drinks and the dollar shots are a great deal !
0 there is no wireless internet in the hotel .
0 finally she hands me the confirmation that it sent .
1 the lunch burgers and pizza are good .
1 loved everything about this place .
0 i would avoid this place at all costs .
0 my fianc and i decided to check out bags and just walk around .
1 came here for lunch and enjoyed how fresh the food was .
1 always great food when i 'm in vegas .
0 the restaurant was n't very crowded at all for a friday evening at 7pm .
1 great entertainment at the bar on friday and saturday nights .
0 the hotel itself was n't even worth it .
0 calls does n't take several days to pull .
0 worst car dealership ever .
1 staff provides great customer service .
1 great , simple transportation -- if -- it goes where you want .
1 cooked perfectly , still juicy inside and a great sauce .
1 finally , the filet mignon was absolutely delicious .
0 my husband and i left vegas with lots of back pain !
1 definitely a great place for spanish tapas off the strip .
0 many of the more popular games are $ _num_ or $ _num_ per person .
0 it was pretty empty when we came .
1 i loved the food and drinks .
1 excellent place to kill time !
0 btw , do n't get in the water !
0 i emailed them about my horrible experience and no one replied .
1 great deal would stay here again .
0 so we requested more and when it came , it smelt like smoke .
1 the lunch special for $ _num_ was worth it .
1 the stuffed dates are delicious .
1 ate here two nights in a row .
0 it was so dry and flavorless .
0 the room and furniture were old and low quality amenities in the rooms .
0 we left the excalibur feeling rather sad .
1 amazing staff thank you again for all your care !
1 so i lucked out and got an artist all to myself !
1 great food and also nice inside .
0 it is just not worth it .
0 just save yourself the headache and go to the walgreens across the street .
0 there was a tv in the bathroom but there was no remote to it .
0 i went in at _num_ am on a thursday .
0 beds were comfy , but no coffee pot in room .
1 definitely check it out whenever you see one .
0 we wo n't be staying there again .
0 the garlic fries were to die for !
0 being ugly in decor is one thing .
0 could n't wait to get back to my hotel after this !
1 overall , a good choice for a less spendy meal in vegas .
1 stayed here during a meeting i had for work .
0 _num_ small pieces of fish wrapped around stuffing , _num_ pieces of lobster !
0 it was piss poor .
0 is was very disappointing .
0 my boyfriend and i both asked it in complete horror .
1 it 's very tropical and relaxing .
0 very disappointed this time .
0 even my kids refused to have their burgers !
0 even checking out is not accommodating .
1 lovely atmosphere in here , fun shopping .
0 so the rating can be explained either way .
0 worst of the worst in customer satisfaction .
0 no coffee maker either .
1 it 's pricey but worth every penny .
1 will definitely eat here again the next time i am in las vegas !
0 until then , i would not stay here again .
1 everyone had the best attitude and courtesy i have experienced from a casino .
0 not for fee and not for free .
0 the casino is large though .
1 perfect spot in the forum shops .
0 contemporary means updated ( does n't it ? )
0 so ladies , just leave the heels at home .
0 it is not really cheap , but , they make it look that way .
0 thanks but no thanks .
0 i found pills under my bed , there was soap stuck in the shower .
0 _num_ min to check in .
1 really amazing food ... .
1 thanks to circo for a delicious high-end vegas dinner !
1 definitely coming back to get another one next time !
0 the doors do not close all the way unless pushed or pulled .
1 the extra shot will do you some good .
0 the most disgusting hotel on the strip .
1 both were amazingly delicious !
1 great food , atmosphere and service .
1 the empanadas were delicious as well .
1 but have enjoyed everything else .
1 my squid was really good , and birthday cheesecake was very tasty !
0 the staff at the spa was young , snotty , and ghetto .
1 it 's simple and very affordable .
0 when we got to our room _num_ lamps did n't work .
0 she insisted that i would get it back if the room was not damaged .
1 for the most part , everyone has been quite decent .
1 i had the most amazing experience at spago last week .
1 i have gone to this place for happy hour for years .
0 i wo n't be making that mistake again .
1 i 'm glad i was able to enjoy it once .
0 all in all , my husband did n't like it too much , either .
1 god , this place is still as great as ever .
1 delicious salmon and shrimp quesadilla .
0 your clothes smell like it after _num_ mins in the hotel .
0 ok , no big deal , just exchange it .
1 great atmosphere , food , and drinks -- the sangria is awesome .
1 octane is their most popular drink and for good reason : it 's strong .
0 i know some people relish it , i do n't .
1 the best meal and service in a long time .
0 avoid at all costs no matter the price .
1 the food makes it really cool .
1 all three items were outstanding !
0 she said she would have a manager call me .
0 we stayed for _num_ days .
0 our room in the mardi gras tower was sub par at best .
1 one of the best tapas restaurants i 've ever been to .
1 hit up firefly is you want something different that wont cost you mega bucks .
0 it is extremely outdated .
0 it was very bland and lacked flavor .
1 maybe old but fun for the kids .
1 firefly is the most authentic i have had in the states !
1 best value in vegas .
0 the one that hands you the food has an attitude problem .
1 it was cooked perfectly and had just the right amount of fresh mozzarella cheese .
0 i think the owners are going for quantity not quality .
1 little clever plays on the traditional to make something unique .
0 after today , i 'll never go here again .
0 the pool closed at _num_ pm ( the water slide at 6pm ) .
0 the ribs was extremely dry .
1 buffet style breakfast is decent , no bacon though .
0 their selection was n't very expansive or special .
0 finally about _num_ i go wait in line again.
0 the food is mediocre at best .
1 man that stuff is the best .
0 it 's 11pm , myself and _num_ other guys walk in .
0 it was n't worth it !
0 i did find some batteries here as my camera ran out of power .
1 but thankfully , the meatloaf was delicious , my pizza was great .
1 she also can does an excellent job waxing my eye browns .
0 not a pleasant way to shop at victoria 's secret .
1 it 's a good place to stay in vegas if you have kids .
0 you will waste your money and come out sick or hungry or both .
0 all in all , one of the reasons i stopped going to subway .
1 spago is a great place with good menu items .
0 they were trying to charge me for the dinner price !
1 good price and customers service , i love this place !
0 the hotel itself is like a maze which i did n't enjoy .
0 secondly this place sucks .
0 there was hardly any walking space between and around the _num_ queen beds .
0 why do they have to charge an arm and a leg for clothes ?
0 the three associates were all standing by the cash register .
0 quite an array of choices i might add .
0 infused water available at _num_ different locations , comfy towels .
0 the valet sucked and was full every night we were there .
0 this place is the worst hotel in vegas .
1 they were delicious too .
0 airport shuttle is $ _num_ per person - cash only .
0 in case i did n't say it .
1 the entire menu is outstanding and very affordable .
1 all of my friends and i really enjoyed ourselves .
1 i 've been several times and keep forgetting to give them a write up !
1 there are a couple decent places to drink and eat in here as well .
0 dana was our server and she was just terrible !
0 i 'd be more understanding if the place was busy but it was not .
0 wo n't ever be spending another penny inside this place again .
1 i really enjoyed going to fat tuesday .
0 yuck , after my first experience here i will never come back .
0 receiving our soup within _num_ minutes and then our main course in _num_ hour !
1 after dining there , i can see why .
1 very delicious and conveniently located close to shops and casino floor .
1 i recommend you do this while in vegas !
1 great wine selection also .
0 having to go down to get the other ... kind of annoying .
1 definitely a great place to bring friends when they come into town .
0 we chose the excalibur because it was cheap .
1 great food and excellent service !
0 only reason to stay here is for a cheap night along the strip .
0 the store is disorganized and nothing makes sense .
0 last time i ate here , i saw roaches running around .
0 my burger was ordered medium and came out well done and not hot .
1 i cant wait to come back here again !
0 jumping up and down .
1 great food , excellent prices and a happening ambiance .
1 ca n't say enough good about firefly - i was very impressed .
0 the room was $ _num_ and right on the strip .
1 one of the best experiences in las vegas that ive been to .
1 everyone in our party raved about the authenticity of their meal .
0 it took them _num_ minutes of research to get nothing .
0 the rooms are very outdated early _num_ 's maybe ?
1 day two was great .
0 however , the furnishings are tired and worn .
1 fun , easy , and great for everyone !
0 let 's be honest ... no one was expecting _num_ stars here .
1 we also had a the dessert sampler and everything on it was great .
0 now i totally understand the ash tray smell in vegas .
0 the first room we had was horrible .
1 it comes hand made , fresh and delicious !
0 worst setup i 've seen in a hotel room .
1 i will definitely be coming back .
1 lunch is amazing and dinner is really good as well .
1 super friendly and well educated .
1 we enjoyed a caesar salad and the sausage and red pepper pizza .
0 spend your dollars elsewhere .
1 the pork barbacoa is incredible .
1 we got prosciutto and arugula - super good .
0 my husband and i stayed here over the forth of july weekend .
1 our waitress was super nice and we loved having a seat by the canal .
0 it was a disaster from the beginning .
1 the atmosphere was fantastic .
1 stuck in time perfectly .
1 so i have a new favorite !
0 it 's not the employees fault though , they are all pretty decent .
1 cons : price for dishes are a little on the high side .
0 my soup was good however umm there was no lobster in it .
0 i do n't like being forced to pay for things i will not use .
1 happy hour would be good here .
1 the flan was so good , we ordered another .
1 they actually have a toy store !
0 the pool area was just concrete & water , not much fun .
0 some staff members were friendly , others not so much .
1 key tip is book the west tower .
0 this mall leaves a lot to be desired .
1 it has such great breakfast the bagels seem homemade and everything was incredible .
1 the ride itself on the help was over one hour , which was amazing .
1 i 'm so pleased with them and i ca n't wait to go back .
0 but it 's not .
0 so if you 've had enough to drink you probably wo n't mind it .
1 great staff very fun experience .
0 i 'm so sad she 's not here . ''
0 the hotel is old and stinks .
0 service was slow , do n't go there if you 're on lunch break .
1 wow , super good !
0 the meat was dry .
1 food , bar , service and experience were all outstanding .
1 food , bar , service and experience were all outstanding .
0 sad how this hotel is going downhill fast .
1 a one of a kind experience for my wife and i .
1 had lunch here with family and had a great time .
0 this hotel gave me the most frustrating experience i 've ever had in vegas .
1 great new york style bagels lox and all the trimmings .
0 i regret opening store credit here .
0 ( it is n't their place to move my seat setting . )
0 ( it is n't their place to move my seat setting . )
0 the only reason why i went here was someone else was paying for it .
0 this was the worst casino we visited while in vegas .
1 the staff also said happy birthday .
0 the room was clean but had the smell of a motel .
1 the house chopped salad with quinoa is so freshly made with garden fresh veggies .
0 let me tell you `` just rip-off '' .
0 as well has terrible customer service .
1 incredibly soft and fit great .
0 tram to and from excalibur , luxor , and mandalay bay .
1 prices are great too .
1 oh my goodness , do i ever love this place .
1 great atmosphere with lovely food .
1 i love this store .
0 this has been the worst stay of any hotel we 've stayed at .
1 went to vegas and found this gem !
0 my toes are still not dry .
0 they will check your bags for you for $ _num_ per bag .
1 outdoor seating with this weather is perfect .
1 lots of space and a fancy jacuzzi tub included .
1 this place is big and decorated beautifully .
0 i would choose the flamingo rather than harrahs .
0 vegas is n't exactly lacking expensive high quality restaurants .
1 i have to say that i really enjoyed my visit to this beautiful store .
1 please stay this fantastic .
0 mother of god this establishment is king of spam .
1 we enjoyed one of the best italian dinners ever here .
1 sangria pitchers make for a great meal .
1 service for good for the big group i was with .
1 she is absolutely amazing , she made it as less painless as possible .
0 i am extremely dissatisfied with my experience and i want a full refund immediately .
1 nice bathrooms as well .
1 love the decor and the ambiance .
0 more then to deal with all this crap !
0 they only fixed what the eye could see .
0 they looked like off duty renaissance fair workers .
1 i love the layout of the store and always have a positive experience .
0 she is unhelpful rude and a bitch .
1 thank god we did !
1 and the pizzas here are as great as ever .
0 you 're better off paying a little more for a better buffet .
1 you can spend hours exploring !
0 i 'm thinking he just decided to blow me off .
1 we truly enjoyed this restaurant and i hope you do too .
0 the only ok thing was the garlic bread out of the whole meal !
1 customer service is great !
1 we got great food , great drinks at great prices .
0 a little too greasy for me .
1 my drinks are always the right temperature and the proper recipe !
1 ordered a side of hash browns and got some work done on the computer .
1 a friend who lives here in vegas took me to this hidden gem .
1 great place and great food !
1 the sangria was also really good .
0 that is not easy here .
0 it probably took _num_ minutes to get to the desk .
1 came here with my girlfriend and enjoyed every minute of it .
1 will for sure return when i 'm back in town for business !
1 recommend it for all kids .
1 i will continue coming back here .
1 my water glass always was full .
1 by far the most inspired and worthwhile meal i had while in las vegas .
1 a fun time to be had by all .
0 the bbq sauce and cheese was the only good stuff on it .
1 the service and overall experience was fantastic .
1 duck was wonderful and cooked to perfection .
0 i received a room with _num_ double beds in a non smoking room .
0 for the price here its not worth it .
1 filet sliders were great .
1 it was hot , perfectly toasted and yummy .
0 some of our pillows were lumpy .
0 there is no oil leak , all the oil is still there .
0 first , i made a reservation on a third party website for _num_ rooms .
1 it got to me .
0 i ate here before but will never eat here again .
1 and the staff are very friendly .
1 they change their menu seasonally which is refreshing to try new menu options .
0 generally the hotel is n't too bad .
0 messed up my nails horribly & would n't refund my money .
1 i really enjoyed their salad of romaine with roasted salmon and unagi sauce .
0 the staff is beyond surly and rude .
1 this is truely a fantastic place .
0 ok hotel if you like empty promises .
1 wonderful lil tapas and the ambience made me feel all warm and fuzzy inside .
1 the good is really good .
1 price wise , not bad well worth it .
1 we 'll be back for happy hour next time !
1 the beef tacos were very good .
0 i do n't understand how four different servers all made this same basic mistake .
0 when we got to new rooms they were still disappointing .
0 the pool on the roof was expected to be a regular pool .
1 great food and atmosphere as usual .
0 she said this was what was missing .
1 i am so happy we found this company !
1 makes excellent salads , salmon and pizza .
1 cheese dip is a great appetizer .
0 no counter space at all to set and alcohol or food or anything on .
1 french fries were good as well as their red sangria !
1 best adventure of the trip !
1 some of the best tapas i 've ever eaten .
0 _num_ out of the _num_ was good but nothing great .
1 the range is absolutely great and so where the people .
1 the prices are excellent .
0 the guy at the front desk said i could check in at that point .
0 once they were dropped off , he came back to take our food order .
0 we rate the place less than a star !
1 once again it was pretty fun .
0 we ordered _num_ burgers : _num_ cali 's and _num_ veg .
0 the supposedly fresh oyster is not so fresh .
1 my wife and daughter truly enjoyed as well !
0 place is run down .
1 we love this restaurant .
1 we love this restaurant .
1 food , service , style , elegance , class .
1 that was very nice .
1 beautiful clean room once again !
0 the steak itself was done in most parts - very pink in other parts .
1 very helpful and attentive staff as a bonus .
0 the service was just all around terrible .
0 i have not been here since and do not plan on going back .
0 stayed in five hotels on out trip all around this price range .
1 instructors make sure you are comfortable and have a good time .
0 this place is pretty old , worn and nasty .
0 this room was _num_ % better !
0 the restaurant are all cheap food , i would never recommend eating there .
0 all-in-all , vegas was great , harrah 's was not .
1 it was a good experience .
1 the best bagels we 've ever had .
1 so good , there is no better food .
0 that day it was n't so bad .
1 she was absolutely amazing and so much fun to work with .
1 for us , this was the best food we had in vegas .
0 i feel sorry for people who have wasted their money on this place .
1 please do n't order their ahi tuna skewers !
1 the food at the bar area was very good and the pricing very fair .
0 oh & the resort fee is a rip off .
1 our service was prompt and unobtrusive .
0 i came here with four friends on a monday night .
1 so it 's like modern vs throwback .
0 i love pep boys normally , and i would use others .
0 he was so rude .
0 i do n't know how this place is _num_ 1/2 stars .
1 lovely setting as well .
1 the drink is n't strong , but it tastes really good .
0 at this point my daughter was extremely upset and crying .
0 it was abysmal in every possible way .
1 she really cares about all of the children and makes you feel comfortable .
0 our room was basic , which was to be expected .
0 a large group of us decided to go out here tonight .
0 nowhere on my receipts did it mention the $ _num_ .
0 telephone service which i did n't even use ?
1 the crab cakes were the best i ever had .
1 i really like this place .
1 not really a great place for kids not just the hotel but vegas period .
1 this is an every friday morning treat for us .
0 $ _num_ down the drain .
0 just make sure you do not get rooms with connecting doors .
0 all in all , a pretty horrible experience .
0 no one else was using the self service however .
1 otherwise , great happy hour find !
0 i paid for one of the remodeled rooms and it was a horrible experience .
0 you do n't see that very often .
0 this was not the case here .
0 no i paid for it this time .
1 food was good though .
0 i would never go back again .
0 i would never go back again .
1 love the place and we will be back !
1 the food is absolutely delicious and very reasonably priced .
0 they serve lots of beers and mixed drinks and have outdoor seating .
1 we loved this place !
1 and both my husband and i liked the food a lot .
1 please order the mojitos when you go there .
0 i will bet staying elsewhere next time .
1 boyfriend was in love with the angus steak , cooked to perfection .
1 the calamari was also very well prepared .
0 it 's a waste of time and money .
0 she never gave me anything to replace it with either .
1 taco sampler is awesome .
0 the food was so greasy it was gross .
1 i always get the tall cup one .
1 always packed but for good reason .
1 their bathrooms are really nice too .
0 all the pieces of the rolls were literally falling apart .
0 furniture was falling apart .
0 upon arrival to my room the bathroom did n't have any bath towels .
1 some items were a huge hit , and some things were just good .
0 ( waiting since 11pm ) .
1 my bf is n't even a salad person but he loved it .
0 but i stayed calm and walked away .
1 the ambience is great despite the somewhat tacky props and decor .
0 so very unhappy with what i am experiencing at this hotel at this moment .
1 i had my wedding reception here and it was an amazing experience !
1 best dining experience in vegas yet !
0 currently sitting here for _num_ minutes waiting for my appointment .
1 there gluten free menu was very extensive and delicious !
0 it was n't as good as i expected .
0 coach is very expensive '' .
0 _num_ ) nasty pool .
1 the prices were great it 's a must try !
0 they said ok , you just need to come down to the lobby .
0 the elevators are super slow .
0 beyond that ... it was a total dive .
0 i know places have bugs that us customers never see .
1 they had good promotions going on .
1 kinda cool in a vanilla sky kind of way .
0 the last 1/2 star is for the deep fried oreo .
0 another review from someone that has n't been impressed .
1 but , if you 're a girl in vegas you will have fun .
1 their sangria 's are delicious !
1 they helped me understand everything about the gun before i bought it .
1 love this place ... .
0 he said it would cost too much to set a table just for dessert .
0 i 've never tried fatburger in my life .
0 the villa is dated .
0 the poker room card shuffle machines hardly work .
1 everything in this place is good .
0 i will not return to this dennys .
1 i enjoyed it and would probably do it again when i return to vegas .
1 first and foremost our room was clean .
1 also , the cilantro rice is amazing .
0 he would n't even take it if it was in a plastic bag .
1 all of their food is fantastic and you 'll enjoy a fine dining experience .
0 after they investigate , they told me door was not locked ( what ?
0 probably wo n't come back here again for a stay .
1 you will love the customer service and unlimited food and drinks .
1 will definitely be coming back here !
0 there is no in door seating just the outdoor patio so dress accordingly .
0 overall a bad experience .
1 sweet n spicy shrimp tasted chinese .
0 the ahi tuna salad was very blend .
0 the room was just a basic king room , but the tv channels sucked .
1 gourmet quality tapas , great for sharing !
0 plus his uni did n't look buttery fresh .
0 there is really nothing for them .
1 the decor is really pretty and romantic .
1 it has pretty good number of slot machines .
1 the staff is so friendly and helpful here .
1 the food choices are great and the quality excellent .
0 i checked & sure enough there still wet and smell horrible .
0 the lines are n't clean and the ink is n't consistent .
1 the venetian boat ride is kinda expensive , but it 's pretty cool .
0 i 'm not really sure what the theme of this hotel is .
1 the thai beef salad is also really good !
0 but to make matters worse , parking was horrible .
0 the tv had less channels than the free cable i get at home .
0 this was by far the worst dining experience i 've ever had .
0 it is nowhere worth $ _num_ .
1 i got the jalapeno bagel with butter , and it was super delicious !
0 she said she would credit my card back for the missing items .
1 if she has it not she will order it and that makes me happy .
0 the initial experience at the lobby left a foul stench .
0 * happy hour is limited strictly to the bar area .
1 i could go on but really , i loved everything .
1 stuffed dates , yeah !
0 way too many options to tolerate this treatment .
1 really loved this place !
1 each dish was delightful , although the warm spinach salad was my least favorite .
1 i ordered the special which was short rib sandwich ... amazing .
1 everything i have ever eaten here has been delicious .
0 the hotel was easy to locate and parking was not much of a hassle .
1 a must come to place to eat !
0 all i was offered by the hotel staff was _num_ small ice packs .
0 this place is bare bones , and your bones friggin ' stink !
1 it 's even better now .
0 few items under $ _num_ in the red wine category .
0 this is a shame for an established food chain !
1 but , the food was delicious !
0 long walk from the elevator to the room .
0 the beds are old and very uncomfortable .
1 lastly , the best part about this restaurant is the location .
1 sangria was super refreshing .
0 while we were a bit disappointed we understood .
1 the faux sky that looks like an actual night sky is downright amazing .
1 the menu is so varied that it is perfect for any palate .
0 i hear this is becoming common in lv but i find it ridiculous .
1 most especially their chocolate cake and original glazed ones .
0 the refrigerator was not working & had mold all in it .
1 the casino was also a huge hit .
0 poor selection and cheap quality products .
0 i personally would not stay here again .
0 oh ... the `` free internet '' was awful !
1 everyone else who i take there loves it as well .
1 it 's easy to access & can be found without difficulty .
0 i stayed here with my boyfriend for our _num_ year anniversary .
1 so tender , so good .
1 this is my go to spot for happy hour !
0 do n't do it word of advise .
0 waste of money and will never stay their again .
1 yummy tapas for sure !
0 man , everything was awesome !
0 there is no restaurant .
0 he kinda listens , but is really looking at my tickets .
1 love the food , great location - perfect spot for lunch .
1 best casino on the strip by far .
1 this location is the nicest one in las vegas !
0 you just gave us access to someone 's room .
1 this is a true new york style deli .
1 see ya for new years !
0 the dining room is just awful .
1 our waiter brandon was funny and helpful with suggestions .
1 the drinks were amazing and we all got different flavors to share and sample .
0 excessive charge on the internet , uncomfortable and torn beds .
0 i wish i could post pictures to this site .
0 the uniforms , brand in general is just terrible .
0 the store was n't bright enough .
0 when i walked in , a weird smell came from the bathroom .
0 only stay if everything else is booked .
1 prices are great too !
1 my group thoroughly enjoyed all our dishes , especially the bacon wrapped dates !
1 this is a very well maintained hotel .
0 it 's cheap if thats what you are looking for .
0 i am so glad to be making my last payment to this location .
0 something like $ _num_ , so u think .
1 i also like the sparkling sangria ( the pitcher is a great deal ) .
1 huge breakfast portion sizes .
1 i took the monorail multiple times this week and had a great experience .
0 bad : property management system and staff not knowing how to use it .
1 very helpful when attending a convention .
0 the bartender will not take your food order .
0 i mean the philly cheese steak at subway tasted better then this .
0 everything else was just ok .
1 wonderful restaurant get here before 10pm if you 're hungry .
1 this place is huge & the layout is awesome .
1 if you want to black out , feel free to request extra shots .
0 it was n't what i 'm used to .
0 i was very disappointed tonight .
0 it looked pretty outdated and is mostly slots .
1 great meal off the strip .
0 do n't expect anything from a room upgrade in the ice skating rink .
0 well , the pastrami sandwich was as dry as the vegas air .
1 totally good hotel hotel .
1 best key lime pie ever !
1 my friends liked their food too .
0 the only great thing about harrahs is the location which is central to everything .
1 best meal in vegas along with excellent service .
0 seriously , do not stay here .
0 the souffl was n't rich enough for me .
1 the menu had plenty of choices and the food was excellent !
0 does n't come on up into your space and leave a mess .
1 my husband had lasagna which he said was wonderful .
1 best show in vegas !
1 even their slot machines was fairly nice to me and my so .
0 to be fair , the latter is n't excalibur 's fault .
1 this place hit home .
1 firefly is one of the best restaurants i have eaten at in las vegas !
0 anyway , the slots downstairs in the casinos were actually pretty cool .
0 do n't let it happen to you .
1 i definitely enjoy the monorail to zip around town .
1 got some free drinks , i was stoked .
1 this place is perfect for a big group like ours was .
1 the firefly fries and calamari are awesome !
1 the slots are fair , and the staff is incredible .
1 the service was fast and friendly .
1 what i really like about this place is they are truly kid friendly .
0 the only thing that was ok was my california roll .
0 do n't worry this establishment will be hearing from my attorney .
0 this place is horrible .
0 this place is horrible .
0 this place is horrible .
0 everyday i need a new room key they never work .
0 dog urine stains on sofa corners shower curtain full of mold .
0 that 's not my problem !
1 our server was extremely nice and took good care of us .
1 i love the location .
0 this is not a way to save money for the company ... .
1 great service from a knowledgeable staff is the norm at discount firearms .
1 harrah 's is great !
1 the food was delicious , service was great !
0 which this location does not know anything about .
0 man , what a very rude old lady .
1 ron does a great job .
1 my family and i love this hotel because it is very kid friendly .
0 do not stay here .
0 do not stay here .
0 do not stay here .
0 do not stay here .
0 i almost did n't because she was rude and slow .
0 the location is great but the check-in process is the worst .
0 really , come on .
0 `` we finance anyone '' is a bunch of crap .
1 looking forward to come back and i will bring more people !
1 other than that , great !
1 he was extremely knowledgeable , helpful , and pleasant .
1 valet has also been pretty quick and more importantly available .
0 waited _num_ minutes to be seated .
1 perfect for _num_ degree weather !
1 this is a very good shopping complex to walk through .
1 firefly has excellent food when you know what order .
1 i will definitely go back .
0 maybe if i was really drunk this would be good .
1 the food is very good and the atmosphere is cool .
1 had spicy jerk shrimp and almond crusted mahi .
0 it 's why i 'm giving them _num_ stars .
0 not as good as i was hoping for .
0 i would not recommend this doctor nor her office for medical care .
0 the first time was january _num_ .
0 the cheesesteak was a sloppy mess .
0 would n't pay full price for this at all .
0 it was definitely not clean .
0 there are so many better options close by for ayce sushi .
0 yes , bad timing perhaps .
1 the reason i 'm giving _num_ stars is because the food was soooo good .
1 the service is always great , and the food even better .
0 i wish i could give them _num_ star for this rating .
1 the midway is great and the free circus acts are fab .
0 when we got it we were disappointed .
1 he is fair , honest , and compassionate in his business .
0 how many customers like us have been treated this way .
1 she was patient and helped put together a great set for my girlfriend .
1 instructor was very helpful and very patient with us .
1 the service was over the top !
0 thank you for taking the time to contact ross stores .
1 the food is really good .
0 this place is an absolute dump !
1 the mini suite was very spacious and i really liked the layout .
0 even if they offer me a comped room , i will never go back .
0 i was a customer willing to drop some money .
1 it was perfectly dressed with just the right amount of dressing .
0 worst run store i 've been in .
1 best tapas hands down !
1 she will do your makeup beautifully and is extremely versatile .
1 and yum to that hurricane one !
1 will definitely come back !
1 they are very efficient and helpful .
0 i waited _num_ 1/2 hours for her to be be rude to me !
0 if i 'd known the real price , i would have stayed somewhere else .
1 the staff , service , and expertise will leave you smiling wide and bright .
0 we paid $ _num_ and $ _num_ was comped back to us .
0 what a creepy little shit hole .
0 i could n't believe it .
0 i could n't believe it .
1 he will be my doctor that i always go to now .
1 our 1st wedding anniversary dinner was celebrated at circo .
0 the staff is rude and knows nothing about customer service .
1 she let her try some flavors and was super sweet and upbeat .
0 a table of _num_ , entrees all around , two bottles of wine .
1 and it 's firefly so still super yummy .
0 the location of the hotel is bad too .
1 kids still had fun though .
0 jacuzzi did n't work right .
1 foods great happy hour even better !
0 im completely disgusted with this place and wont ever be going back .
1 very reasonably price thing to do on the strip !
0 i was told the wash should take about _num_ minutes .
0 they also changed all of the linens which did n't help .
1 i mean these drinks are top shelf !
0 it smelled like weed the whole time !
0 bad service and would not recommend this salon to anyone .
1 good server , very nice ambiance , delicious margaritas !
0 i called front desk immediately and explained everything , but nothing could be done .
1 i will definitely eat at firefly next time i am in vegas !
1 i as pleasantly surprised !
0 the choices there overpriced and disgusting .
1 the owner and her team created beautiful bouquets and flower pieces for our wedding .
0 no offer to help me find it .
0 it 's overpriced & not really authentic to begin with .
1 excellent place to catch the stars and take a picture !
0 i feel like there is no way possible to win .
1 i love mac pro stores !
1 i highly recommend this place for anyone .
0 atmosphere was trying but lacking !
0 -- -- _num_ stars !
0 even the lamp was hard to turn on .
0 no broccoli , just a baked potato .
1 natalie 's staff is amazing .
0 oysters were not very fresh .
0 we paid $ _num_ for _num_ sandwiches and we were not impressed at all .
1 i was able to relax and trust that i was in good hands .
1 it made me very happy .
0 poor quality of work , poor customer service .
0 we get to the room and everything was just so tacky and old .
0 e got the never ending shrimp .
0 i have never stayed in any hotel / motel without a coffee maker !
0 this place sucks and the rooms stink .
0 i talked to two different managers and nothing was ever done .
1 the sales rep was really sweet and helpful .
0 stay here for the cheap room , but not much else .
1 fat tuesday definitely gives you your money 's worth .
1 some good restaurants and the employees are courteous .
0 i mean , really ?
0 based upon our experience , excalibur is hardly of high caliber .
1 good vibe and buzz .
1 if you are in vegas this place is a must .
1 good pricing as well .
0 from start to finish it was truly an awful experience .
1 : ( overall great place .
1 we enjoyed the complimentary breakfast and the spacious _num_ bedroom suite .
0 save yourself the trouble and avoid this experience .
1 the service was great , i 'd go back just for the people watching !
0 other than that is just not worth the money and sometimes the wait .
0 this place is mediocre at it 's very best .
1 this could be a great lunch item by itself .
0 the rest was stuck in the 90s .
0 i am not sure why they sent so much but there was no conditioner !
1 food there is good , service was good as well .
1 very nice , very clean .
0 clearly the room was not cleaned thoroughly , tv did not work .
1 the trainer john was excellent and there with us the who time .
0 but las vegas water district did nothing !
1 super friendly and fast service .
0 literally we were in hell !
0 i ordered a hamburger with lettuce , tomato , pickles , and onions .
1 such a great hand out place off the strip .
0 nothing mind blowing ... .
1 great service & attentive workers !
0 drink and $ _num_ a beer .
0 then would not honor the coupon i had .
1 overall a good experience .
0 this hotel is now probably the worst on the strip next to sahara .
1 bahama breeze is a fun place to eat !
0 this server was the worst .
1 i got the house margarita and it was fantastic !
0 i think i stayed here _num_ years ago and everything looks just the same .
0 but do not assume that a guest is smoking drugs when they are n't .
1 i 'm not a big museum person but was worth the price of admission .
0 but , i do n't care about furniture that much .
1 the atmosphere is great , and the price is n't too steep .
1 it 's just the best .
0 other than that , the food was meh .
0 he only ate half of it because of that reason .
0 very disappointing for a las vegas hotel .
0 the office staff is rude and lazy .
0 but as my experience for the food , it was not good at all .
0 price : you 're paying a lot for a bunch of sugar .
0 i left and did business with another place .
0 this is the worst hotel i have ever stayed in !
0 shame on you , pep boys .
1 had the filet - it was perfect and a delicious caesar salad .
0 second , $ _num_ per day for internet ?
0 you also do n't benefit from generous bartenders like you would at evening call .
1 it 's been a good _num_ years since i last came .
0 the last two dining experiences i have had there have been awful .
1 spago has a great lunch/dinner menu , and has a kids menu as well .
1 a place you can always count on to deliver .
0 in a jungle full of competitive hotel service , harrahs lost my business .
1 the hand crafted cocktails were all amazing and a great start to the meal .
1 would definitely recommend it .
1 would definitely recommend it .
1 we had a nice dinner out here and were really happy with everything .
0 we go to vegas almost each summer and we are booked elsewhere this year .
0 i am going to go after the door lock manufacturer and excalibur .
0 fyi i have always called in to book my reservation .
0 lacked flavor and was just plain bad , especially for $ _num_ .
1 and the chile relleno looked good enough to marry .
0 caused my children to be upset and almost ruined our vegas family vacation .
1 best chinese food i 've ever had .
1 on a nice night , ask to be seated outside .
1 the food is always awesome and i always start with the cuban bread .
1 the wax statues are very realistic they do a terrific job .
1 the tres leches chocolate cake is phenomenal !
0 i gave it one star because i could not give it a zero .
0 i also went to use the iron .
1 come here every time i visit las vegas !
1 amazing pizza , pasta and salads !
0 i mean , you get what you pay for , i know .
1 the service was great too .
0 i do not recommend this hotel to anyone .
1 service was great ; prompt & friendly .
1 definitely check this place out !
0 well the inside if my car was not clean .
0 but , i doubt i will go there again .
0 the furniture in the room was old and worn down .
1 i also got to sample the watermelon sorbet .
0 did not even feel comfortable taking my shoes off in the room .
0 i could n't believe i waited _num_ minutes just to hear that .
1 stayed here at a groupon rate .
0 if at all possible , stay away from here .
0 however that lasted only so long , we were tired .
0 ribs was not part of it .
0 it was a wednesday night that we stayed .
1 chips and salsa was also really good !
0 but they wo n't do it .
0 first , the place is butt ugly .
0 this experience has been terrible .
1 food was fabulous and the sangria was the best i 've ever had !
1 they were the best we 've ever had .
1 there is a large variety of food choices to please everyone .
1 i had the mango slush with the extra shot .
1 other than that the staff was very friendly and we enjoyed ourselves !
1 had a delicious lunch at wolfgang puck 's spago and would definitely come back !
0 for $ _num_ more i could have stayed at a four star hotel .
0 i will never visit this place again .
0 so we stopped on every floor from the 21st , on .
0 never again will i think of staying here again .
0 i 'm going to set up the story so that it 's clear .
0 the third night the water was freezing cold and never got hot .
0 worst vegas trip of my life !
1 the food was epic !
1 spago at the forum shops is one of my favorite lunch destinations .
0 this mcdonald 's was one of the worst i 've ever been to .
0 i can honesty say this is the worst hotel i have ever stayed in .
0 our room was dusty .
1 better than most shopping places in casinos on the strip .
0 in total $ _num_ was spent for two nights there .
1 great place for a sandwich .
1 our instructor was soo amazing .
0 also , i was somewhat annoyed that they charged an early check in fee .
0 nothing super stellar though , either .
1 wife had prime rib quesadilla that was great !
1 they did a great job and i was satisfied with my overall experience .
1 the rooms were nice and comfy but the casino kicks ass .
1 thank you fellow yelpers , you did good !
1 live music was very good also .
1 they went above and beyond to make sure my day went smoothly .
0 the beer and sausage sliders were yummy though !
1 maurice was so great to work with and the food was amazing !
0 the only good part of this location as opposed to the london location ?
0 went there thinking this place would be good .
0 it has gone downhill over the past few years .
0 ok , do casinos attract the greatest of folks ?
1 see ya next time love !
1 i will bring friends and family to this location .
0 i am a vegas veteran been there four times this year alone .
0 there was me , and maybe _num_ other people at this bar .
0 its also hard to navigate through .
0 the gambling options are limited and the slots are outdated .
1 lots of specials running for the night ... all around a great place .
0 which is n't saying much .
1 i absolutely love this place .
0 to be honest , i would just stay away .
0 not a professional or talented place .
1 my friend had the wild mushrooms enchiladas .
0 the rooms were mediocre ; reminded me of a motel rather than a hotel .
0 yellow tail tasted like soap , uni was not the right color .
1 coffee was served with real cream and a great selection of deserts .
1 our family is so grateful for my daughters outstanding care .
1 that was the best part of dinner .
0 there is also convenient tram service to and from luxor and mandalay bay .
1 she is the one to see for beautiful gel nails that last for months .
0 we paid _num_ the shit .
1 the decor and feel of the place is like a true modern cantina .
0 there were _num_ of us so we got _num_ rooms with _num_ beds .
0 food - negative one star
0 no one here should be allowed to tattoo .
1 i highly recommend this menu .
0 i really think she had no clue on what she was doing .
1 all in all , it 's a solid _num_ stars .
0 one word : disappointment .
1 i love their jello shots too !
0 what really put me off about this place is the service .
1 chef , food , service and management the best .
1 the crust was as delicious as the main dish .
0 i normally stay elsewhere .
1 their happy hour is the best !
0 do n't give this place your money !
1 the restaurant has a lovely circus setting , and great servers .
1 but its still good , and worth the trip down there .
1 after this visit we are loyal to spago !
0 i am beyond frustrated .
0 people working here ruined the mood .
1 always a pleasure to eat here .
1 the bands were beautiful and delivered within budget .
0 food service is not acceptable .
1 we had a wonderful meal at spago in the forum shops at caesars palace .
0 the only great thing was the crime brle , that was good stuff .
1 the food is excellent .
1 maybe the best meal i have ever had .
0 there was nothing special about it .
0 half the elevators work , half of them do not .
1 the staff is great and helpful .
0 oh , he said `` i threw it in the garbage !
1 buy a drink and pour some extra vodka on the top .
1 firefly is loud , crowded , and totally fun .
1 the jerk fire shrimp !
1 you have got to dance here .
0 our room was _num_ % clean .
0 it is a shame but we will never return .
0 rest of it was a total waste of time .
1 i had the beef rib and polenta which was rich and delicious .
1 love there drinks great value for what you get .
0 took them a really long time to get to the sink .
1 the tomato soup is fabulous .
0 i was thinking of getting a shirt made up .
0 not a great experience and probably will tell everyone not to go here .
0 i do n't get how this place has so many good reviews !
0 out dated casino , this visit brought too many additional ridiculous charges .
1 so happy with my meal .
0 maybe she can have better luck dealing with the issues .
1 the service is also good .
1 the ceviche was so fresh and clean tasting .
1 service is pretty good .
0 never in my life have a been so pissed of with someone .
1 love the food and the service .
1 the tables are moderately priced as well .
1 fabulous tapas , great atmosphere , and the sangria is delish .
1 it 's very expensive but the food was amazing .
1 love , love , love this place !
1 they 're red sangria was worth the trip !
0 same thing happened again and they refused to give me my money back .
1 unique clothes , wall to wall .
1 get a pitcher and share it with your friends .
0 charges for room is misleading .
0 it is what it is i guess .
0 the texture of the meat is totally off .
0 if you are a traveler seeking vegas luxury , i suggest booking elsewhere .
0 other receptionists call us down over to them .
0 spend the extra money and book at a cleaner hotel .
1 i will definitely be back !
1 i will definitely be back !
1 i will definitely be back !
1 i will definitely be back !
1 i found it informative and at times entertaining .
1 the house smoked salmon pizza is a very unique dish .
1 we all left with a satisfying buzz and a full stomach .
1 this is the real deal , and the sizes are huge .
1 hit the pool area and let the fun begin .
0 almost seemed like they were hiding bad fish quality .
0 can not believe they hire people you ca n't understand over the phone .
0 then just shrugged me off .
0 they did not do any of them but offered to shampoo the mats .
1 prices are reasonable and the staff is always friendly .
0 the bathrooms are disgusting .
0 do n't say i did n't warn you .
0 the food is not so good .
0 our room smelled like sewer gas from day one .
0 to hell with that !
0 i think i might think it twice .
1 and there 's multiple locations to refill your cup at !
1 a fantastic sports bar in the heart of vegas !
1 thanks for making my mini vacation very enjoyable !
1 really well crafted dinner .
0 it was disgusting and unacceptable .
1 my meal was great !
0 will not be back again .
1 it was a fun place for the entire group .
1 staff are nice and seem to get things done .
0 the chicken wings dry ( lacking glaze ) and over cooked .
1 the place is busy but the times with good people made it fly by .
0 so the hotel was not bad .
1 big , secure valet lot was nice too .
0 if i could give it negative stars , i would .
1 great place for family and friends !
1 but , their happy hour is something worth checking out .
0 i i 'll recommend to stay away from that office , find another doctor .
1 the wild mushroom enchilada was perfection .
0 very disappointing , they were probably very expensive too !
1 very fresh salad , pasta is high quality , lasagna soo good !
0 since i 've always wanted to try out excalibur .
1 we always bring our friends here when they come to visit vegas .
0 my chicken and the little side thing ( veggies ? )
1 new menu , new chef and was most impressed .
0 save your money and get one of the other rooms instead .
1 beats taking the taxi .
1 the coconut shrimp are legendary .
1 it 's just a good place serving good food .
1 definitely coming back here when we 're in vegas again .
0 the room itself is n't horrible .
0 the ac smelled really gross at certain times when it was running .
0 one thing you should know is that the _num_ buildings actually connect .
1 the service has always been great .
1 we got a great room in the casino hotel .
1 sales people here are fabulous !
0 $ _num_ dollars i wish had back .
0 however service was less than mediocre .
1 she is a whiz with the makeup and has great tips .
0 of course , hours go by and we 've just completely missed the boat .
1 everything is flavorful and well executed .
1 great stop for breakfast !
0 the owner nor the manager would not admit their mistake .
1 now have fun walking to the pool buzzed and ready to talk to strangers .
1 it was all very good and reasonably priced .
0 needless to say , we left without buying .
0 customer service training is in order .
1 the caesar was excellent , the mozzarella a nice light tasting salad .
1 i loved everything i ordered especially the mushroom thing !
0 * there are no good restaurants in this hotel .
1 the server and bartenders are fun as well .
0 however , this is not the first time i became ill after eating here .
1 i love love love this place .
0 our slices were n't all that great either .
1 our server was great & took excellent care of us .
1 for _num_ bucks it is totally worth it .
0 okay well he tells me it was really flavorless .
1 any of the fat tuesday locations are great to visit .
0 mini fridge did not work .
0 i 'm thinking ... did n't we have this conversation an hour ago ?
1 there is a great wine selection too .
0 the linens really sucked .
0 i booked the room for pool view side .
1 that 's a quick turnaround , nice !
1 it was actually my first time having oysters and i thought they were delicious .
1 so kind and a complete gentleman .
1 , and its so easy to use !
0 the buffet was ok ; i had better ones off the strip .
0 really ... ... _num_ stars ?
1 service is decent , not great .
1 this is the best apple store .
1 best deal on drinks you will find in las vegas .
0 they are rude and blame things on everybody but themselves .
1 great food , friendly atmosphere and the bartender bruce was super .
1 steve was our instructor .
0 so tacky and rude !
0 think nostalgia went more into the triple d pick than the food .
1 great food and a great happy hour menu !
0 as another reviewer said , this place is dirty .
0 the a/c 's auto function didnt work .
0 the first night , the room was clean .
1 the drinks are great .
1 firefly in las vegas is a nice place .
0 just paperwork for an oil change took _num_ minutes .
1 we found firefly on yelp , and really thought it deserved its great rating !
1 a little pricey but the food was amazing !
0 finally we find parking .
1 now you know , so go stand in line .
1 tip - mix the hurricane and the _num_ for a tasty treat !
1 the guacamole was very fresh with cilantro and red onion .
0 these people are rude and no professional .
0 very disappointed with their lack of customer service .
1 the roasted salsa is very good and we 've always had good meals here .
1 the selection here is out of this world and the service is impeccable !
1 these lil things r strong !
0 not even for large groups !
1 otherwise a great place .
0 the tram runs directly from here to mandalay bay , the conference casino .
1 overall , a great value for the price .
1 it 's fast enough and gets you where you need to go .
0 there are too many other hotels to choose from .
1 overall the rooms that we got were very clean .
1 the food was all very good and comes out quickly .
0 they clearly do not clean these rooms thoroughly .
1 i loved this hotel / casino .
0 harrahs room was old , stinky and in horrible condition .
0 it will be a constant frustration .
1 the exam rooms are cozy and feature wall art from his clients .
0 i tipped & i still ended up feeling like i 'm the bad guy .
1 the mussels in coconut sauce was a pleasant surprise .
1 from running to basketball , they got it .
1 absolutely love this place .
1 absolutely love this place .
0 there is no sun on the pool at all .
1 the service is always good and i frequently take colleagues here .
0 this is my 3rd visit .
0 honestly , there has to be better italian food or vegas is in trouble .
1 they have the best gnocchi i 've ever had !
0 lady was hard to understand , even for me !
1 we had lunch there and the waiters gave impeccable service .
1 the sangria was crisp , fruity and tasty .
1 the environment was amazing .
0 she offered to upgrade our room to a pool view for an extra fee .
1 other dishes we tried were very good .
1 the food itself was very good !
1 now my husband can be as stylish as me !
1 we both had the huevos rancheros and it was different but really good .
0 overall not a good time .
0 , but harrah 's has nothing to set it apart .
0 on top of that they charge hotel resort fee .
1 this was the perfect snack while walking around miracle mile in planet hollywood .
1 the hotel was clean and pretty easy to navigate .
1 great place to stay and its in the perfect location !
1 one of my favorite spots in vegas .
0 we will no come back .
1 the catered event had lots of fun foods to try as well as karaoke .
0 too pricey for the quality .
0 my room was a standard room , and it was motel sized .
1 the service was impeccable !
1 but definitely worth the try .
0 simply stay away from this hotel .
0 this is pretty boring .
1 i like this place and with the right company it is a blast .
1 bagel fresh , tasty , and full of sesame seeds .
1 definitely will make this my regular place .
0 totally unprofessional and uncaring to say the least .
1 i was nervous at first but dave made sure we were relaxed and comfortable .
0 they charge when additional rice is ordered .
1 the biggest standout was def the dates !
1 chips and salsa were delicious .
1 came back again with my girlfriend and it is as good as ever .
1 the food was the best part , my favorite being the stuffed dates .
0 and probably not even doing their job .
1 everything in vegas is always amazing .
0 the couch did n't even belong in the goodwill .
0 this was n't my first time .
1 cream corn was very good too .
1 firefly has all three plus great tapas .
0 to this day , i still have not received my refund back .
0 at least we got them , i guess ?
0 this place really sucks .
0 i was so excited to get some pop 's tonight !
0 come down to check it out !
1 this is a nice way to cool off in the vegas heat .
1 first time here and i loved it !
0 dirty filthy disgusting place with horrible service .
1 the mint sauce was nice & light & the berries fresh .
1 most beautiful banana republic that i have ever been in .
1 the staff is very friendly , upbeat and above all very experienced .
0 the worst customer service ever .
1 always delicious , never dissapointed .
0 ( waiter tuxedo restaurant ) .
1 got ta come back for happy hour !
0 for those fees , there should be some actual amenities provided .
0 pay $ _num_ to $ _num_ for a better hotel on the strip ... .
0 do n't go here they waste ur time !
0 it does n't make any sense ?
0 i order roll that 's not to be spicy and it was very spicy .
0 atmosphere is a _num_ .
1 i loved my food at spago .
1 hands down best tapas i 've ever had !
0 for some reason my manager gave ya 'll a _num_ % discount !
1 very careful , attentive , and pleasant staff really make a difference .
1 so much flavor to choose from !
1 a great bang for your buck !
0 the philly was stuffed to the rim and there was bacon in every bite .
0 i dont know what i was thinking expecting it from this restaurant .
0 even the restaurants within were terrible .
0 the service was as snooty as i remembered it .
0 the place has gone to hell since the mgm bought it .
1 their sangria and mojitos are also some of the best i 've ever had .
1 the cocktails are creative and delicious .
1 i had the best time at the beach !
0 so i 've been scammed twice by the excalibur .
0 no selection , and unhappy and unhelpful sales people .
0 in the mardi gras floor the rooms are extremely dated .
0 do n't let the castle exterior fool you .
0 i found this very irritating .
0 the rooms are fine ; very small and the bed is a murphy bed .
0 the lines are long and the food it awful !
1 this is hands down the best italian food in the city .
0 we are all lucky that nothing worse happened to us during our stay .
1 i love mushrooms and the mushroom tart was great !
0 after check in we were stopped _num_ times by sales people .
0 after check in we were stopped _num_ times by sales people .
1 very friendly wait staff .
0 first , we ordered the cajun fries and the mac and cheese bites .
1 seriously - check this place out - you 'll be pleased you did .
0 i showed pic of $ _num_ coupon and manager said it was okay .
0 i will leave the points for the decorations to other reviewer .
1 definitely recommend to anyone .
1 great place to stop and eat if you 're shopping in the forum shops .
1 great martini 's , great food and great atmosphere !
1 our servers were attentive and on top of all our extra requests .
1 the staff treated me very well and the bed was beyond comfortable .
1 super close to strip .
1 the service has been good to great every time i have been there .
1 this was the best of _num_ hotels we stayed at during our road trip .
1 custom orders are welcomed and they will ship anything anywhere !
1 if it 's busy , it 's worth the wait .
1 they treat you so well here .
1 i would definitely eat here again .
0 the rooms were completely gross .
1 if you are hungry , definitely order the pork barbacoa .
1 this place is a nice relaxed feel with live music .
0 they delivered new keys instead .
0 las vegas first timer !
0 he really pissed me off .
1 one of the best breakfasts and values in vegas .
0 that is n't an option on my mac .
0 you really get what you pay for here .
0 this is just dirty .
1 great off the strip tapas restaurant .
1 nice place , love the tropical ambiance .
1 staff is very friendly .
1 the best way to start off your vegas trip !
0 day _num_ , we found out the coffee maker was broken .
0 as far as i 'm concerned you should be very ashamed of your establishment !
0 the resort charge does n't get you anything either .
0 the service is good ; but the food is mediocre at best .
0 it 's awful awful awful .
0 from the minute we walked into the resort , everything was pretty basic .
1 positively delicious , every bite was perfection !
0 they have lost good customers tonight .
0 it has gone downhill perhaps more than any other mall in the valley .
1 your best off eating somewhere other than harrahs .
0 they said they could n't return them .
1 they were all very kind and helpful .
1 this place was great for my first -- but probably only -- time .
1 definitely a vegas favorite !
0 it tasted a little bland .
0 my first experience at the excalibur was not good not bad just okay .
0 so i then said , `` nope , i 'm done thank you '' .
0 needs a remodel in a bad way .
1 the chopped salad was delish and it made me feel good about ordering it .
1 tapas is not normally my thing , but this was quite enjoyable .
0 this was my first and last time at this restaurant .
1 had nice sunday lunch .
1 sushi is fresh and reasonably priced !
1 the staff are always friendly and knowledgeable .
1 our waiter was very good !
1 it had a very smooth almost creamy texture with some really great flavor .
1 definately will be coming back with my family .
0 looks like it 's been there awhile .
0 the room we got was part of the newly renovated section of the hotel .
0 in addition to this utter nonsense ?
0 the worst restaurant experience i have ever had .
0 the thai beef salad was okay .
0 my husband and i came here to gamble during our stay in las vegas .
0 our third course was scallops my absolute favorite at every restaurant except here .
1 explained everything to me well enough for me to understand .
0 rooms are old as well as old nasty carpet .
1 we will definitely go back the next time we are in vegas !
0 not sure if it 's really any better than the smoke itself .
0 ok - so far i 'm thinking we 're starting off right .
0 the waitress walked away from our table before we finished ordering .
1 the bread they offer is delicious as well .
1 one of the best restaurants in vegas !
1 love the caribbean theme !
1 lunch was excellent also .
0 he informed me that they did n't have any salami .
1 night crowd is full of eye candy too !
0 next time , i do n't think there will be one .
0 or hell , just walk across the street to firefly for actual tasty food !
1 lots of great tapas and you must try their aged sangria .
1 the service was awesome and the food was great .
0 firefly , this is my second visit .
1 everything on the menu is awesome !
1 we had a wonderful time at dinner here tonight .
0 i left a message , no reply .
1 service was perfect , food was perfect .
1 this place is cool .
1 friendly service and my drink was good !
1 the service is totally fast and friendly .
1 my boyfriend ordered the salmon avocado roll and that was so good !
0 i wish i could give it zero stars !
1 it 's located right across from caesar 's palace and next to the venetian .
1 we moved into paradise apartments in july .
1 it gets packed on weekends , so beware !
0 rooms are ok clean but no wifi , are you kidding ?
1 where do i begin , this place is fantastic , the decor is beautiful .
1 he was so friendly and helpful .
1 great location , right in the heart of the strip .
0 it 's so annoying .
1 the strawberry and mango flavor is refreshing .
1 i found perfect princess cut diamonds as they were in my building .
0 i checked and i had no oil in my car .
1 all of the food is good .
0 : ( very disappointing since this is what they are known for .
1 top with decadent dessert and irish coffee .
0 wi-fi would n't stay connected anyway .
1 the best corned beef hash i 've ever had and the bagels , amazing .
0 only thing i have to say is i come from south florida .
1 this was the spot to go before you turn _num_ .
1 $ _num_ happy hour margaritas .
1 service was very attentive .
0 this was definitely not the worst hotel experience i 've ever had .
0 avoid this hotel , .
0 we left after _num_ minutes .
1 we had several dishes , which were all so delicious .
0 the resort fee is a joke .
1 i love the selection and freshness .
1 this place is amazing and huge !
1 they 're full service too , which is cool .
1 if you get the chance to , seriously hit up this mac store .
0 totally not worth the price of admission .
0 i seen our server _num_ time .
0 selection was horrible also .
1 the service is outstanding !
0 i hated the place wasted my time of _num_ hours .
1 my friend ordered the steak fajitas and i ordered the tres tacos .
1 i met a friend here during their happy hour .
1 fat tuesday , you are freaking delicious .
0 i actually could n't wait to leave vegas because it was so miserable .
1 very tasty menu top to bottom .
0 every filipino restaurant in new york gives a free order of rice per person .
0 and no cough drops .
0 all i can say is very very disappointed !
1 we asked for a picture , and he was really nice about it .
0 i do n't understand all the rave reviews .
0 ya ya ya i know wtf am i doing staying here .
1 it 's a blast .
0 this indoor swap meet really had nothing to offer , at least for me .
1 i still like this place and it is the best tapas restaurant in town .
1 it was an awesome time and a unique experience for sure .
1 service i was adequate .
0 all delivered from an uncaring staff .
0 probably not staying here again in the future .
0 wishing _num_ minutes it disappeared and was turned off .
1 best regular margarita and best jalapeno margarita i 've ever had , without question .
0 really pissed , but trying to manage a smile since tomorrow 's christmas .
1 i usually always find a product that i love .
0 and even still , do n't buy it from here .
0 i do n't know how this place received such high rating .
1 it 's a combination on sweet and savory unlike any other !
0 i was not about to leave my iphone and wallet with this lady !
1 ambiance was nice and the people watching was terrific .
0 it stayed _num_ and above in the room .
0 i do not recommend the buffet , but that was only me .
1 i love tapas style places .
1 the place has a tropical feel and very airy , spacious .
1 very professional , friendly and knowledgeable .
1 super fun , just as everyone else described , thanks tony !
0 the sheet corners were ripped and stained with grease .
0 first , the mgm lion thing and now this .
1 great place to try !
1 i highly recommend it .
1 i highly recommend it .
1 i highly recommend it .
0 i had a complaint and he started to get rude and condescending .
0 i 'm not sure i 'll be back .
0 i do not recommend this room .
1 service was great and very helpful to assist us on first time visiting .
1 my son has been going here since he was _num_ months old .
1 will definitely make it back there again .
0 the salmon one was pretty flat , no taste .
1 they are all so different and interesting to peruse through .
0 i would never stay here again .
0 but really , a balance needs to be struck .
1 had an amazing experience one of the best ways to start your birthday weekend !
0 i too would have given this hotel a big fat zero !
1 i 'm giving them four stars because it tasted good and was reasonably priced .
0 i 'd give it a zero , but i 'm trying to be nice .
1 and honestly the best black and white cookie of my life .
1 _num_ octane and the other red one was really freaking strong !
0 once we went outside or to another hotel , we were fine .
1 i 'm enjoying my chocolate mint ice cream to end my dinner .
1 the drinks were good and the food was well prepared .
1 the meal was terrific .
0 the girl that was helping us was unprofessional and rude .
0 because to me , $ _num_ is a lot of money for nothing .
1 servers were awesome , food was great , music was great and fitting .
0 the room was as excellent _num_ stars !
1 nothing but love for this place and it 's staff .
0 the restaurants are , at best , also mediocre and very expensive .
0 not to our room .
0 to my surprise , he came back with a bill for $ _num_ .
0 luckily place was too expensive to stay .
0 this is the second worst casino i have ever visited in my entire life .
1 i 'll definitely be back .
0 i now understand why they have only _num_ stars out of _num_ reviews .
0 the bed was very comfy and the flat screen tv was cool .
0 did n't give us confirmation of this ur reservation .
0 my husband 's duck was terrible , he could not eat that either .
0 they never fail me !
0 nothing like spending your new years eve in a room infested with bed bugs !
1 awesome service , good food , definitely coming back here again with friends !
0 my previous day room charge was cheaper than my late check out .
0 in this case , perhaps a bit less .
1 perfect princess cut is beyond phenomenal !
0 not worth the price for what you get .
0 this is just terrible and unacceptable .
1 very friendly and plenty of parking .
1 the dealers at the roulette tables are always friendly and outgoing , especially mike .
0 it 's broken , if not enough to have not taken your money .
0 gambling is about # _num_ on the list of vegas money makers .
1 it 'll give you a headache .
1 got my makeup done for a wedding .
1 just like this one !
1 not only is this business absolutely affordable , it 's so clean !
1 thank you for the work you do here , god bless you all .
1 this was a really fun place .
1 great fun with darn good food .
1 it had the right amount of everything and looked and tasted fresh .
1 going to keep this short and sweet !
1 food was very very good - especially the crab cakes and the drinks !
1 wow the chef menu was yummy the chef is even better .
1 i love their mojitos !
0 our room seems to be assigned to someone else .
0 $ _num_ dollar , hour and a half long delivery time pizza .
0 i am a huge osso bucco fan and this was below average .
0 the food alone is maybe a _num_ star .
0 the only thing that struck me as odd was his offering of cuban cigars .
0 the kitchen was so messy and floor was disgusting .
0 we went to the wynn buffet one day and it was awesome .
1 it 's usually busy , i love the music , setting and mood .
0 the rooms are small and the check-in staff is barely accomodating .
0 the kitchen staff clearly does n't give a fuck .
0 i have been in better , i have been in worse .
1 i 'm a fan .
1 the breakfast burrito was good , coffee was good and the view is amazing !
0 my room was very substandard .
0 i 'm trying to relax .
1 beautiful patio , reasonable prices and excellent food .
0 its dirt cheap and its easy to see why once you 're inside .
1 the person who helped my partner was attentive and very kind .
1 the staff is super fun .
0 $ _num_ for _num_ nights and _num_ show tickets .
1 fast , convenient and accurate service ... isnt that what its all about ?
1 great place to cool off during the vegas hot weather .
0 then i show up , and my reservation has been cancelled .
0 and not to mention the shower drain was terrible .
1 the chicken dish is very tasty .
1 steak was good , cooked perfectly with a decent sauce .
0 our room was no winner either .
0 it put me off my feed and i had to leave .
0 rude at the front desk check in and check out .
1 i highly recommend the salmon dish .
0 i wont be returning for a long long long time , if ever .
1 the restaurant is pretty .
1 wolfgang always does me right ... ... ... .
1 this is one of the best restaurant that i ever visited in las vegas .
1 great selection of small plates , tapas , always crowded .
0 then he goes , '' ok , i get it .
0 silly , i know , but i felt really bad .
1 she is very talented and very personable .
1 also the bartender jason is also one of the best .
1 wonderful deco , food , and experience .
1 i will continue to give them my business !
0 i ended up demanding another room because of how they handled it .
0 no wi-fi and room service stops at 2pm !
1 great food , wonderful prices .
0 but - it is cheap .
1 free wifi is always a plus for me .
0 the parking facilities are atrocious .
1 great people watching here , especially if you sit by the mall side .
1 the waitstaff is great .
1 the breakfast they serve at _num_ is amazing !
0 is n't ross a department store ?
1 the house band on sunday night was amazing .
1 though she talks when she does it , her work is legit !
1 this is by far the best wig shop i have ever been too .
0 i was gone all _num_ days just about .
0 an absolute waste of _num_ bucks .
0 i only gave this locations stars because i had to .
1 the beer is cold and the bartenders are great !
1 thank you to sunrise children 's for our awesome er care today .
0 not even this lady could keep a straight face on the dick 's spot .
0 they have the nasty sushi but no wasabi available .
1 i will definitely come back to this macy 's .
0 rooms are okay , not that clean .
0 she stated my primary doctor ordered the wrong test and also not enough tests .
1 he loved his too !
1 great happy hour prices .
0 there were no prices posted anywhere .
1 full bar , and prices are reasonable too .
1 i love their shrimp ceviche and empanadas !
1 the cups are great quality and you can refill for a minimal price .
1 wow i 'm really surprised at the previous reviews !
1 every single staff member was courteous , caring , and encouraging .
1 it 's a great place to start or end your evening .
1 fast and decent food .
1 the drinks have such good combinations and offer free samples to taste the flavors .
1 great gallery in the miracle mile .
0 only _num_ check in agents .
0 their rates are n't nearly cheap enough to justify the extreme poor customer service .
0 customer service at this hotel is absolutely horrible .
0 this hotel has no customer services at all .
0 now i 'm at home , in pain with no meds .
1 cant wait till tomorrow i will be there to enjoy those baseball size shrimp !
1 the atmosphere is awesome !
1 we loved how they blast you with cool air as you walk in .
1 consistently great quality ... .
0 she stated she would input them and she may come back with more questions .
1 it is worth it just to go for the `` show . ''
0 do not take this risk .
0 fortunately it was n't long till we were seated .
0 loud neighbors and drunk people .
0 loud neighbors and drunk people .
1 highly recommend ordering both and sharing .
0 this is the worst hotel stay my entire life .
0 this is the worst hotel stay my entire life .
1 the rooms are clean and the staff is friendly .
0 do n't get lied to like i did !
1 service was timely and the food was pretty good .
0 the location did n't disappoint .
0 overall , a very depressing atmosphere .
1 we had a complimentary cauliflower soup from the chef - whoa so good .
1 this tapas place is really good .
1 service was very good , got us in without reservations .
1 i got a mango frozen drink from this place .
0 room just looks cheap .
0 it 's a big cigar shop no no and something that should n't happen .
0 have stayed at excalibur many times throughout the years .
1 always a must stop on a vegas trip !
1 always get the extra shot and feel free to mix flavors .
0 will not stay here again .
0 will not stay here again .
0 excalibur really has done a awful job making their guest feel safe and appreciated .
1 i always felt safe and saw plenty of security .
1 great food at extremely reasonable prices !
0 end of story i would not go back to this place ever again .
0 also , the timeshare people are pushy and annoying .
1 loved the workout facility and spa , never overcrowded and always clean .
1 i would recommend the pizza .
0 this place is terrible !
0 i would say the worst was that the ac did not work !
0 will not be visiting harrahs in the future .
0 this is beyond ridiculous .
0 this is beyond ridiculous .
0 items stolen valued at approximately $ _num_ .
0 also it 's $ _num_ for a bottle of water .
1 honestly ca n't go wrong with anything on the menu .
1 loved their chicken wings !
1 food was pretty good .
1 food was pretty good .
0 there were not many figures , and was not worth the money .
1 the nurses were very pleasant and polite .
0 they were also way too long .
1 that is pretty damn impressive !
0 the sushi was adequate , and the calamari was appalling .
0 not sure we will go back .
0 i stayed the royal tower rooms which are not nice .
0 i 've stayed in the updated tower and the ridiculously outdated tower .
0 food was just not that good .
0 that 's the only reason i gave it one star .
1 i had the steak and eggs , which came with hash browns .
0 so it could n't have been that bad .
1 everyone always compliments my nails .
1 our driver was friendly and knowledgeable .
0 there is no coffee pot in your room and that sucks too .
1 the drinks were strong and tasty .
1 special thanks to the host staff at the front who were very hospitable !
0 i called to request the connecting rooms and they were confirmed without a problem .
1 my favorite salon in all of las vegas !
1 i 'll definitely come back to this place next time i 'm in vegas !
0 she brings back our cesar salads which are bland and tasteless at best .
1 the simple dishes worked best for us .
1 it 's well worth the visit off the strip !
0 ended up back at the room later in the night .
0 hmmm maybe excalibur is this way on purpose .
1 very happy about that .
0 the buffet was totally disappointing .
0 as for the `` baja fresh '' , was horrible .
0 the flavors are overly complex , overly sweet and unimpressive .
0 the lost and found department closed sundays by 4pm .
0 _num_ ) yes , you can print your boarding passes .
1 then you can hit vegas !
1 this is actually a rating for the restaurant .
0 the lights were so dim that you could barely see anything .
1 it was a great decision .
1 the service was great and we would definitely return .
0 i will not be back .
1 it 's a fantastic place to get drunk off cheap drinks .
1 highly recommend this company .
1 the vibe is so cool .
0 if you have ever had any sushi in your life do n't come here .
1 this place is an absolute delight .
0 buyers beware you have been warned .
1 he made us feel comfortable throughout the process .
1 plus walking through the forum shops is a nice walk .
1 loved how the service did n't rush us .
1 the owners were very friendly and made us feel welcomed .
0 not so much for me .
0 the brats were tasteless .
1 see , you still might win that parent of the year award .
1 i had a bahama mama drink and was so tasty .
1 jenny did such a wonderful job .
0 the employee turnover rate is ridiculous .
1 nice variety of baked goods .
1 i got there at _num_ pm and a line was starting to form .
0 it was like pulling teeth to get any service there .
1 great off the strip alternative walking distance to lots of restaurants .
0 holy cow this place is gross !
0 management would n't lift a finger about the terrible situation .
1 the price of this hotel and the location are unbeatable .
1 i love their chicken soup also very delicious .
1 this is what we ordered and 4-6 steak and mushrooms !
1 cody park is my favorite artist to work with .
0 the kitchen was very slow , the food portion sizes confusing and somewhat disappointing .
0 the room had no coffee machine and no wifi .
1 the pineapple infused margarita is the best !
1 we had the best time !
1 try it , you will love it .
0 not even a clock radio .
0 waitress was fine , not overly friendly or helpful .
1 delicious food and terrific service .
1 value _num_ stars , they make us good offers that we ca n't refuse .
0 disgusting and filthy dirty carpets in the guest rooms .
1 their sangria is sooo good !
1 he 's got so much energy and has a great personality !
1 everything we tried was fantastic .
0 i would never bring my kids to vegas otherwise .
1 it 's totally worth it & i left full !
0 i stayed here the past month and did not like it at all .
1 service is always great here and today was no exception .
0 the other guest would have access to my room & would have came in .
1 this was a great hotel experience .
1 there were lots of good options .
1 needless to say , great customer service can get you a fat sale .
1 it 's definitely worth it .
0 smelly and musty , the rooms are old and made my clothing smell .
0 instead of apologizing to us , they questioned us .
0 i figured how bad can it be ?
1 i visited this restaurant with an associate , it was a great experience .
0 first of all the tv in the room was n't even working .
1 the staff at dr green 's office is awesome -- super friendly and accommodating .
1 waiter had us brilliant suggestions on the cocktail and entre choices .
0 but one sour waiter makes for a lemon of a meal .
1 the service is friendly and attentive .
0 the casino is big , but is dated .
0 my first firefly experience was at the downtown location and it was amazing .
0 i would n't stay here again .
0 called front desk , promised it would be fixed by noon .
1 we also thought the price was very reasonable for such a lovely dining experience .
1 i could see the rat pack eating here and enjoying it .
0 that did n't turn on .
0 and they did n't even check there work .
1 i was able to keep my connection going at all time .
1 recommend eating in the restaurant for a more intimate dining experience .
1 very good asian fusion cuisine .
1 tapas is a great option for a snack or light dinner .
1 our monorail ride was clean , quiet , and quick .
1 completely exceeded all expectations !
0 my room was on floor _num_ , tower one .
0 rooms need a little tlc though .
1 she made checking in so quick and easy so thank you .
1 the food court is very reasonable with decent food .
0 on the second day we realized that the walls are not sound proof .
0 overall , the service was poor .
0 too dated , too dark .
1 i also love the burger for lunchtime .
1 however , that said , the food was really good .
0 and the burger is worse now .
0 returned to our room at 3pm and there has n't been any maid service .
1 i love the ambience of this place !
1 food is so fun and delicious .
1 he was very friendly and knowledgeable about eh menu .
0 black mold under the sink and on the cabinet .
1 the rooms are decent .
0 this year was a little different and we probably wo n't be back .
1 but the best part about this place is the atmosphere .
0 i went here after reading all the yelp reviews .
1 they make you laugh and offer drinks you may like .
1 then the real fun starts !
1 it is worth the wait !
1 both were the best i 've ever had .
1 pitchers of sangria and mojitos were good .
1 true the decor is beyond tacky .
1 great cost and great service .
0 those people probably live in a barn .
0 i stayed at the excalibur in november _num_ - not a great experience .
1 the service was fast and the food excellent !
0 save yourself some trouble and take your business elsewhere .
1 enjoyed first visit went back for a second not disappointed .
1 the food was good and the waitress was really attentive .
0 i stayed here for _num_ nights and i regretted every one of them .
1 the food , service , and view was all very good .
1 both were very delicious !
0 you can find better hotels with better security .
1 loved the stuffed dates !
0 the time to get an appointment is very long .
1 it was really a lovely , relaxing restaurant stop off-strip .
1 i got lucky - i got emily !
1 i love their blended drinks .
0 the butcher refused to sell me anything under _num_ pounds .
0 i 'm not wasting my time even going back to her .
0 they did n't even cook it all the way .
1 definitely an extensive tropical drink menu which i can definitely appreciate .
0 orange chicken tasted stale , very stale .
0 will not stay here again , there are better options at the strip .
1 we had a beautiful morning breakfast early at this great spot .
0 in fact none of our food was hot !
0 i sure as hell do n't and i am in sales .
1 also the cuban bread appetizer is so good .
0 oh & mind you , none of the management cares .
0 the salesman did n't even offer me a test drive .
1 the barbacoa is fantastic , incredibly tender .
1 a time piece for everyone .
0 there are n't a lot of great restaurants .
0 the waitress was just as bad as the hostess - rude rude rude .
0 we have visited less and less because of it .
0 our lobster came still half alive ... slimy and not cooked .
0 the busser was a better `` waiter '' than our actual waiter .
0 buffet is nothing to write home about .
1 their drinks are fun , strong , and tasty .
1 great for a girls night or a date night .
0 it tasted almost rotten .
1 the fries are so good .
1 i enjoyed eating lunch here .
1 it 's a very warm atmosphere and i highly recommend it .
0 the only upside is there are $ _num_ tables .
0 is n't this what we paid $ _num_ for ?
1 i just love this place .
1 i just love this place .
0 and she almost ordered the wrong photos because of her lack of attention .
0 i would never eat there again and would probably not stay there either .
1 by far one of the best lunch places i have been to .
1 super modern white design , but still cosy and not too big .
1 reservations are a must as the place fills up with mostly the younger crowd .
0 flatbread had no flavor .
0 poor quality , even for a denny 's .
1 we were in vegas for my birthday and a co-worker recommended this place .
1 food was tasty and margaritas were refreshing .
1 this place is awesome !
1 this place is awesome !
1 this place is awesome !
1 this place is awesome !
0 i could not understand why dirty linens were folded and stocked on the cart .
1 fun , affordable , and tasty .
0 the tables are hit or miss and the amount of smoke is ridiculous .
0 i had high hopes for this diner , i wish it had been better .
1 the human food is well-priced .
0 find a hotel with parking security , saves you more money in the end .
0 ridiculous how unprofessional he was .
0 the real problem is the restaurant itself .
1 the best dinner so far in las vegas .
0 i will never come back here and will recommend ppl avoid this place !
0 somehow they managed to mess this one up .
0 the chicken fingers were typical frozen chicken .
0 we have had a bad experience since day one at this hotel .
1 also good for kids with arcade and shows .
1 the price was incredibly reasonable for the caliber of meal you get too !
1 anita is a very nice and attentive server .
1 overall we had a great time here !
1 either way it does the body right !
0 it was fine for one night but i will not stay there again .
1 good food n fast .
0 i was hoping for a truly legendary cheese steak experience .
1 i love everything about this place .
1 enjoyed the rest of it in the morning in the hotel room .
1 will come back again and again .
0 but this location is very dirty .
0 i would 've really had been pissed if we were sat facing a wall .
1 they have tasty breakfasts at a far more reasonable price than the strip .
1 hubby 's grandma had the seafood chowder and loved it .
1 staff is very helpful and friendly .
0 also : vegas is not disney , folks .
0 here comes the biggest problem ... .
1 the food as expected is superb .
0 too thick and not much flavor , other than the gorgonzola on top .
1 this is a must when you go to las vegas !
0 dumb move we left him in the room & went out on the town .
1 did n't stay at harrah 's , but loved gambling there .
1 the calamari and tuna were really amazing .
0 not coming back ever again .
0 they do n't even deserve _num_ star .
0 they were tasteless and smelled like old beef .
1 it 's fun to win prizes here .
0 no fridge in the room .
0 this was not explained to us and is a huge rip off .
0 this place was such a disappointment on so many levels .
0 hotel hell should come to this place and help them .
0 the rating is solely based on experience with the general manager - mike wong .
1 the service was fast and friendly as well .
0 the bed and furniture could be more comfortable .
0 definitely not a way to end your trip .
1 all the flavors here are equally fantastic so pick anything .
1 great time with the kids ... .
1 staff was friendly and helpful .
1 staff was friendly and helpful .
0 dear ross , can i please have the sale price ?
1 seriously , i do .
0 checking in earlier costs money - $ _num_ .
0 higher tier rooms are of better quality .
1 view over the strip was nice .
0 `` yea and can i get one for my girlfriend too ?
1 good times ... love them drinks !
1 i always recommend firefly on paradise .
1 great little people watching spot to boot .
0 i wish employees would be more friendly and open to the guests .
0 consistency in food preparation does not exist between locations .
1 a great place for a late night dinner .
1 the scallops are amazing and everyone must have the beet salad .
1 all in all we will be back !
0 my appointment was at _num_ o'clock .
0 honestly , i would never pick excalibur to stay at .
0 it was really loud and crowded .
1 a fun and easy way to go between parts of the vegas strip .
1 it has great appetizers .
1 the service is so good at spago .
0 the girl who helped us check in was very helpful .
0 just want to qualify my review before i get into it .
1 i thought it was fine .
1 my eye shadow was beautiful !
0 oh , no wifi either .
0 i went to las vegas for a small valentines getaway with my boyfriend .
0 the wait time happened twice .
0 do n't risk staying here no matter how good the deal is !
0 almost like they just did n't care ?
1 especially love the late night happy hour !
0 i called guest services and they were really rude to me about it .
0 i walked in with very specific requirements for new work shoes .
1 gave us great recommendations on sushi and saki .
0 excalibur did not live up to expectation .
0 um , the lamp still has a pull down string to turn it on .
0 are you kidding me ?
0 are you kidding me ?
0 are you kidding me ?
0 are you kidding me ?
0 are you kidding me ?
0 stayed here a few years ago and it was horrible .
1 the food itself was very tasty .
0 so would n't i just be able to build a margherita pizza ?
1 a little pricey but well worth it !
1 i will definitely go back ... wish they had this place in ca .
1 a good business hotel .
0 another typical bad sign is when you ca n't order directly from the chef .
1 was pleasantly surprised by large drink and food menu .
1 it was a great deal and nights not available to the public .
0 a lovely employee ignored and walked past by us .
0 i have been here maybe _num_ times .
1 they also have amazing cocktails .
1 love , love , love this place .
0 lousy atmosphere and sketchy cooks .
1 good food with a great atmosphere !
1 this is a good deal !
0 this restaurant should be called rice rolls _num_ not sushi _num_ .
1 that guy is just incredible !
0 that comes out to $ _num_ .
0 i would come back , as long as i do n't have him again .
0 i think the hotel staff should put an application in to work there .
0 we wanted to take a nap after we checked in .
0 the food was pretty disgusting .
0 the food at the buffet was mediocre , but had a large selection .
1 but my last trip to mac was outstanding .
0 made me utterly sick .
0 this place has sandwiches that are overpriced and is drowned in cheese whiz .
0 i would never stay there again .
1 best way to get around vegas to the premier stops you want to make .
0 i was there for two hours and only _num_ other shoppers .
1 got the octane one , and it was strong but not too strong !
0 sent it back and came back less salty .
0 the rice was dry and had a salty after taste .
1 these guys are great !
0 i do n't think i 'll bother going back to this store again .
0 avoid at all costs unless you are drunk .
1 friendly , funny , and helpful , it was an excellent shopping experience !
1 the service was phenomenal .
0 the lady was very rude and tried to get me off the phone .
0 also rooms a little worn .
1 the tar tar was absolutely delicious i recommend that item first and foremost .
1 the owners are super cool .
0 i have received no phone call or e mail and its been _num_ weeks .
1 wine was superb as was the service .
0 i 'd rather pay more money for a better experience .
0 i am totally disappointed that this is what the new harrahs has become .
0 to think we were sleeping on that is disgusting !
0 my feet are really rough as i am a runner .
1 absolutely love this place !
1 a bit pricey , but worth it .
1 we had rob as our instructor and he was great !
1 in spite of casino 's low rating i really enjoyed this casino .
0 as far as casino hotels in vegas go , this is one of them .
1 i highly recommend the dates , empanadas , and chorizo stuffed mushrooms !
1 every aspect was amazing .
0 not up to my standards especially since i work in the industry .
0 the bathroom had poor water pressure .
0 not to mention the huge arcade downstairs !
0 like i say , getting in and out of there now is a nightmare .
1 you got ta give it a try .
1 thank you for your great hospitality and service .
1 everything tastes freshly made .
0 by far the worst service i 've ever experienced during a stay in vegas .
1 the customer service here was outstanding .
0 preferred the flamingo from previous trip .
1 all her over services are great too , lol .
0 primo , i 'm not a fan of carpets where you serve food .
0 most likely will not be coming here again .
1 had a lot of delicious food here .
1 we will return the next time we are in vegas !
0 this has to be the worst place in vegas .
0 sad to say i will never book another reservation thru hotels.com ever .
0 the arcade smelled like mildew & made me want to gag .
0 food quality is average at best preparation completely uneven .
0 casino is ok , everything is just out dated .
1 i love this hotel ... .
1 worth the trip from the strip .
0 we ordered _num_ different tapas , as well as alcoholic beverages .
1 this is a casual mexican place inside the venetian hotel .
1 their prices are outstanding , and the service is awesome !
0 after the second course i asked my waiter when does my wine pairing start .
0 i 'm hard pressed to remember service as bad i experienced at this hotel .
1 great beds great staff .
0 horrible place nobody go here .
0 the smell of smoke was everywhere .
1 they recommended pistachio and i enjoyed it .
1 the one underground at the mgm was great .
0 not welcoming at all .
1 this was my favorite meal in vegas .
1 room was nice as well as free wifi and free breakfast .
1 they know my coffee , great service .
0 i am so put out with this place .
1 it is a great place for children to win toys and adults to gamble .
1 and he made sure i had a comfortable and delicious meal .
1 the food was surprisingly pretty good .
0 smelled like smoke when no smoking room .
0 we left somewhat disappointed .
0 no one was there !
1 fantastic food at any hour love this place !
1 thank you for a great start to the day !
0 this place has really gone downhill since i last stayed here .
0 the food was nothing special .
0 my biggest problem was the room .
1 i have n't been here in years - the food and service was great .
0 pizza hut or any national chain has better pizza based fare than this place .
0 i had the house stromboli and my wife had chicken wings and fries .
1 service was impeccable , very fast and friendly .
0 unless you have kids , no .
0 she should n't even have one to begin with .
0 as most of vegas , the hotel smells like smoke .
0 i was highly offended that as my server she could n't communicate with us .
1 they really provide top-notch services .
1 thank you so much !
1 thank you so much !
1 everything on the menu is my favorite here !
1 : ) the coconut shrimp is recommended as well ... !
0 fish across the board was not very fresh .
0 stayed here for _num_ days .
0 it was a stunning disappointment .
0 i was there for _num_ hours .
1 we will be staying here next time !
1 next time i 'll bring my own polish and tools though .
1 the mood is pretty chill .
1 great food in small and very affordable .
1 request waiter adrian , he 's very caring and has great customer service .
0 they also had too much salt in their batter or seasoning .
0 bathrooms get overcrowded and filthy inside like a college football game .
0 improving gambling and comps would make you more competitive .
1 we ordered a lamb sandwich , a pizza , and a chopped salad .
1 and yes another kid friendly place !
0 slow service but semi professional .
1 with excellent service and reasonable prices .
1 wow the food was amazing the sliders !
1 definitely one of the more touristy things about vegas .
0 i will never stay or even enter this hotel again .
0 that 's not my issue .
1 i really enjoyed myself .
1 i enjoyed my experience here with my girlfriend .
0 that goes to show their still misleading customers .
1 this is really a must have for a day in vegas !
1 half yard _num_ with an add shot .
0 although the rates are good , i just spent three nights there .
0 the room was an upgrade , but only in the tv and granite counters .
0 the problem remains is that the entire tower _num_ needs to be renovated .
0 do n't expect anything remotely good from this place .
0 we just stayed _num_ nights at this hotel .
1 looks great with the remodel !
0 i think any toddler is familiar with the difference between crackers and bread .
0 got same reception when we checked out on monday .
1 best recommended for a hungry night and special occasion dining .
0 the shelves and racks are empty .
0 the pictures are horribly overpriced and you are forced to buy a package .
0 the carpet is dirty and worn out the fixtures are also old and worn .
1 the staff was superb and the food was really good .
1 helped me out with everything i needed & was super friendly .
1 the food here was good and unique !
0 i ordered delivery , my food showed up missing items .
1 most vegas establishments have great service .
1 being from nyc it 's really hard to find a good bagel out here !
0 the stole my mother in laws purse and my daughters purse .
0 if u gamble do n't waste ur money to any total rewards casino !
0 the risotto was watery and too salty .
0 thoroughly disgusted with their pathetic hotel and security staff .
0 proximity to the strip was n't bad .
0 we had a party of _num_ ; _num_ adults and _num_ children .
0 its dirty , and smelly the moment you walk in .
1 drinks are pretty strong ... especially the mojito .
1 so yeah , i ca n't recommend specific dishes because i like them all .
0 he just threw to my husband 's hands and immediately walked away .
1 couple people ordered a special salmon , which was great as well .
1 the classic salad was unique in that it had so many vegetable finely chopped .
0 it was that bad !
1 it did n't disappoint !
0 my friends meatball sandwhich was cold .
1 he was so knowledgable of the area and kept us entertained .
1 i had a great experience and was in and out in a flash .
0 i ca n't believe it .
0 poor delivery and preparation for this event definitely gives this place _num_ star .
0 the hotel itself is n't too bad .
1 first time here with my wife .
0 it was n't enough for us to stay again .
0 i did n't even get an apology which is so crazy .
0 the food was overpriced and not very tasty .
1 our servers were perfect .
0 i get this happens and we get into our room .
0 they told me to speak to a hotel manager , yet none were available .
0 there are two empty tables next to us .
1 great atmosphere , right by the canal .
0 the place has been around awhile and is pretty dated .
1 it 's a pretty nice arcade with a good number of choices .
1 and they have awesome sangria !
1 good location for strip visitors .
1 helped me find just the right thing ... the boyfriend jeans .
1 food is also very good .
0 soaked in hot sauce and served on foam plates .
0 i do n't recommend .
1 good atmosphere , amazing happy hour and staff are friendly too .
0 my room did n't have an internet cable .
0 having said that i am sorely disappointed in this arby 's .
1 all of the dishes were perfectly seasoned and i would definitely recommend this place !
1 they have free breakfast which is good .
0 pros : beds were comfortable and cheap .
0 it was such a horrible and disgusting experience !
1 jason gave us top notch service -- something we have come to expect .
1 the store is well organized & pretty quiet when i was there .
1 great way to spend time with friends ringing in the new year .
1 not just great food , but great people !
1 love the mid strip location with the monorail stop .
1 again i experienced a well prepared meal here at bahama breeze !
0 the price is the only thing this place has going for itself .
0 i called and called and they said no no nope .
0 was n't so happy & excited .
0 around the same price so i wo n't be staying here again .
0 it 's an old hotel , so i was n't expecting much .
0 the theme was just so ridiculous .
1 great location in the forum shops and all of the food smelled amazing .
0 i love mgm properties , but this place is garbage !
0 she sent me to the platinum line , where i still had to wait .
1 bacon wrapped dates stuffed with almonds and blue cheese - wow !
0 i was n't expecting mgm style .
1 i enjoyed riding the monorail .
0 do n't waste your time or money !
0 fourth , the food itself was quite mediocre , at best .
0 also , there is someone trying to sell you something every _num_ feet !
0 i do not like their nasty restroom !
1 nice selection of exotic tropical cocktails .
1 highly recommend and def have the martini !
0 overall this place just needs to go away .
1 i was happy all right .
0 the food , when i finally ate it was n't that good .
0 the room was spacious and there was nothing wrong .
0 she is the worst doctor i 've seen .
0 personally i do not recommend this place for the price .
0 this place does n't even come close .
1 we love this place !
1 we love this place !
0 but our other coworker did not .
0 manager was rude , grumpy and unapologetic .
1 the pool area is small but really nice .
0 overall , harrah 's is a terrible hotel .
1 the ambiance brings it all together : ) wonderful find outside of the strip .
0 they were unable to put sheets on our bed .
0 made me lose my appetite .
0 i like the concept of the castle but not the way they executed it .
1 very old vegas , love it !
0 no agent would ever break a rule ! ''
1 the food here is great ... i loved almost everything we ordered .
1 you get great service from the bartender .
1 this is the perfect place to work on giving out a fake name .
0 service was friendly but so-so .
1 i love their chunky , spicy salsa .
1 we had the flan which was very good .
1 i really enjoyed my stay at harrah 's !
0 what really bothered me about this place ( more than already mentioned ) .
1 luckily managed to finish _num_ % of it all .
1 good restaurant , friendly and competent service , the food was really good .
0 i knew i should have book at mgm again .
1 the instructors are amazing !
1 i asked for some bread which was also really good .
1 it 's a great place for kids .
1 this place has great prices for a nice vegas restaurant .
0 and yet i do n't care i refuse to wait in line any longer .
1 the dessert menu was superb .
1 they have an amazing selection of things .
0 the checkin was about _num_ people -- it was insane !
1 excellent margaritas ( just say you do n't want it sweet ) .
1 this may be my favorite banana of them all .
0 the roll did n't even taste all the fresh at all .
0 rainbow trout can definitely use some assistance with seasoning .
1 probably the best thing we did on our trip .
0 it is what it is , especially for $ _num_ a night .
1 everything we had was so good !
1 great location and i love gambling at the casino .
0 she was rude and just so cold .
1 everything is good , but i had the bacon wrapped dates which were amazing !
0 all of these items were brand new .
0 the room was mediocre .
0 plus the line was crazy long and i did n't feel like waiting .
0 we noticed that they took out the trash but did n't clean our room .
1 it 's everywhere on the strip .
1 service is a bit lax but pleasant .
0 my find your phone service showed the phone was turned off in that store .
1 the owners really help you .
1 the staff is always so friendly and the food is amazing !
1 services was good too everyone was friendly !
0 i know , for $ _num_ .
1 i 've had everything on the menu twice and recommend it all .
1 they 're great , and the kids are very happy .
0 we could hear our loud neighbors .
1 thanks for the great service alex !
1 the best hospital to give birth in las vegas .
0 i understand thorough , but thorough can be done quickly .
1 their sangria was also pretty amazing .
0 most expensive dining experience ever .
1 carrie from graveyard is the best !
0 unless you are on a very low budget and every other hotel is booked .
1 highly recommend a room above the casino .
1 they have a great weekday happy hour .
0 and my comforter had a cigarette burn on it .
1 one of my favorite extras for my sandwich as well as chipotle sauce !
1 the burritos were humongous and delicious and the chicken enchiladas were amazing !
1 one of my favorite places in las vegas .
1 great and convenient nonetheless ... try it out .
0 towels were very thin and stained .
1 the bread they serve you before the meal is also yummy !
1 nice way to cool off from the hot strip .
0 my insurance must of sent the referral over _num_ times .
0 the employees are rude due partially to ownership changes over the last _num_ years .
1 the food was amazing , but the service is what will make me return .
0 the bed is really hard and uncomfortable .
0 i spent $ _num_ for inside and outside .
0 not good at all .
0 the only thing that tasted good was the coleslaw .
0 terrible management , terrible food , terrible rooms !
1 great food and nice staff .
1 pretty good casual place off the strip , a huge locals hangout .
0 i would n't recommend this hotel , if you could avoid it .
0 the customer service is horrific , especially for a vegas hotel .
0 this spot is a joke .
1 i thought he was great .
1 great location , delicious fish entres and very good service !
0 beware - poorly run operation here .
0 i ate here this week and brought very good clients .
1 my boyfriend and i love the place .
0 _num_ a night good deal through our event we did on sat .
1 they will give you a dessert in celebration .
1 _num_ stars sonny 's - the best !
0 this one was easily the worst .
1 one of the best shopping experiences i 've had in years .
1 the staff is so nice & helpful !
1 i love tapas and this place had a great selection and atmosphere .
0 the towels were clean but the beds were horrible !
0 finally , i flagged down a busboy and asked for the check .
0 this is n't going to be a positive post .
1 they 're practically adult drinks with a childhood twist .
0 the casino was n't anything to write home about .
0 oh good lord , this place has n't changed in ages .
0 this was n't just our problem .
1 one of my favorite dishes here is the quesadilla ( see attached photo ) .
0 the thermostat did n't do an actual , comfortable temperature .
0 if you 're in vegas , do n't stay here .
1 for an upscale establishment , it is perfect for every occasion .
0 are they just making the beds and not changing the sheets ?
0 wait time is over _num_ hours , and we are still in line .
1 found a cilantro jalapeo margarita that my husband almost cried it was so good .
0 not too bad of a hike unless you 're stuck in _num_ degree heat .
0 bad service , over priced and quality of the food is bad .
1 it has great parking !
1 there 's a very nice lady who runs this store .
1 the drinks here are delicious though !
1 the service is just as great as well .
1 appropriate decor but be a little better .
1 it was a great value for what we got for it .
0 no coffee maker , not even glasses so we could drink .
0 ok , the casino is not that great .
1 these touches are the nice cherry on top of an amazing dining experience .
1 wine recommended by our server was perfect for our snack .
0 the room was so small and so was everything else in the room .
1 you can always catch us in store or ordering our latest online .
1 this is by far , my favorite mexican restaurant .
0 also , the cleaning lady did n't do anything but give us new towels .
1 ( i 'm from vegas , we 're special kind of people . )
0 fortunately , the bill that was presented had a survey on it .
1 mall shopping is fun with drink in hand !
1 yes , this walgreens has a nice selection of liquor .
0 overall i would not stay here again .
1 i was pleasantly surprised !
0 ok , so this location is like the size of my living room .
0 my condo company booked it for me .
1 best customer service ever !
1 i loved they were family owned and operated and vegas locals !
0 `` no , your staff sent me here . ''
1 everything we had was good .
0 i did not have fun .
0 we were also very disappointed in the lack of security .
0 all in all , we had a horrible trip .
0 misleading advice from calling earlier to get seated for minimal wait time .
0 _num_ hours to check in !
0 i paid $ _num_ for a hand wash .
1 there is something for everyone on the menu .
1 the attention to detail was amazing .
1 it was my first time having sparkling wine sangria .
1 tasty chips and guacamole .
1 attentive and friendly staff .
1 this place is a great eatery .
1 i 'd recommend to everyone !
0 the rooms are small and nothing special .
0 when i checked out me total was _num_ .
0 i heard of stories of people waiting almost _num_ hours .
1 employees are very friendly .
0 buffet is crap , do not do the breakfast or lunch buffet .
1 my girl was amazing and understood what i wanted .
0 but they pretty much ruined my christmas eve .
1 family and adult friendly .
0 and no one mentioned to compensate us !
1 with that said , that was some good italian food .
1 i never knew mexican food can be so varied and exotic .
1 it serves its purpose in life !
0 it 's wednesday , and i have n't got anything from them .
1 definitely worth the trip .
0 the most musty stale smell ever !
0 very disappointing , excalibur , very disappointing .
0 this is by far the worst serves ever !
0 i looked around the store and she was nowhere to be found .
1 everything was pretty tasty especially my favorite mac & cheese .
0 well , here it is , another day and no phone call .
1 the chopped salad was excellent .
0 not as good as i remembered .
0 secondly , the cake was terribly bland .
0 i must admit , it was cheap .
0 at this time , we already lost our appetite .
1 i 've also enjoyed their creme brle and souffl .
0 this is just unacceptable .
1 the signature margarita drink was very good , not too sweet .
1 really nice , warm staff .
0 i 've never been to a hotel that does n't serve past 2pm .
1 i 've bought from every shop in town and they are the cheapest .
1 the pizza was delicious .
1 not fond of sangria but theirs is the best .
1 perhaps one of the most fun shopping experiences i 've ever had .
0 it just felt blah inside .
0 they wanted to charge me _num_ as if i was getting a discount .
0 this is not a trustworthy or honest business .
0 one may not notice .
1 omg the drink rocked !
0 that said , the customer service is appalling .
1 one of my favorite restaurants in vegas !
1 that sauce they are cooked in is absolutely amazing .
1 i look natural and felt comfortable at the store .
0 in serious need of refreshing though ; it was quite dated .
0 it was a disaster .
1 love their oreo shake .
1 i 'll definitely be back when i 'm want to buy a new bag !
1 i love this tapas place.
1 i love that it is a local establishment that serves good quality food .
0 a very sad mgm property .
0 it was also extremely salty .
0 its was ok but not that great .
0 my first day when i arrived in the room it was _num_ degrees .
0 my goodness is this place run terribly .
1 this place has character and class , i will be back !
0 not a fan of the bathroom situation though .
1 in the forum and definetly worth it .
0 the only good part was the crepes made to order !
0 it is fine if you do n't really know food .
0 the only thing i liked about this hotel was the casino and location .
1 easily best bagels and lox in vegas .
0 a tired convention center in need of a tear down and remake .
1 great experience for the kids .
1 i forgot to mention that he has an amazing staff .
1 the server was amazing .
1 overall , enjoyable , they have very good specialty drinks .
1 this food is so delicious !
1 overall it was a fun time and the kids loved it .
0 the excalibur has a major con : it is way too smokey .
0 my aunt was in shock and she was embarrassed .
0 we stayed here for about _num_ days .
1 thank goodness for good food !
0 at first , i was extremely excited to go to this wax museum .
0 we gave this place a 2nd shot and were disappointed again .
1 one of the best kept secrets in vegas .
1 the service and food were impeccable .
1 love love love this wig shop !
1 i have never tasted anything so yummy and so strong before !
1 super delicious and fruity and it gives you one hell of a buzz !
1 easy parking and all the people work there are very nice and helpful .
0 casino and room hallway smell .
0 once the food brought out , but wrong order .
0 over the past year the food has really gone downhill .
1 the bagels fresh and flavorful .
1 this is an awesome restaurant .
1 firefly has possibly the best sangria i 've had in my entire life !
0 the room was dark and gave out a `` haunted '' feelings .
0 i stayed in tower _num_ a few months ago and the elevators were dirty .
0 come on now , that 's just unacceptable !
0 very unappetizing to see .
0 i have n't stayed here since i was a child .
1 _num_ octane and hurricane mixed is amazing .
0 plus they still had plenty of breakfast food left .
0 cheap , feels dirty , and quality is just not there .
1 food is great and always professional and courteous thru out the process .
0 there is a tv in the restroom but no remote for it .
0 facing the other tower .
1 even the bread was fantastic .
1 the best place to have dinner .
1 he explained the different watches and their materials with lots of knowledge and detail .
1 you can eat here and drink and still have money to gamble .
0 did not contest the sign on the door .
1 the work put into it is just amazing .
0 at least in a motel you get a real bed .
1 very nice place to grab a lunch .
0 the casino smell so bad , the cigarette smoke was terrible .
0 the room i was sent to was already damaged .
0 there were _num_ other cars behind me !
1 the food was really good and the service was great .
0 sit down , little boys and girls and let me tell you a story .
1 perfect place to relax with soothing live music , delicious food and great cocktails .
1 i would recommend everyone trying this out for something unique to do .
1 one of my favorite restaurants in vegas .
0 $ _num_ for a drink and he wanted to charge me for a refill .
1 you must eat here if you love food and fun .
0 everything is going to crap now !
0 i was so excited to try this las vegas landmark .
0 my next step with this is complaining to each casino about this company .
0 i booked his hotel for my first visit to vegas .
1 my family of _num_ had a great time .
1 see my other yelp under forum shops !
0 could have been a bit better in price .
1 _num_ stars : best flautas in the world !
0 the service personnel in this hotel also had bad attitudes .
1 the chowder was excellent .
0 what an overall bad experience .
0 warning , i am going to write a book .
0 not spending my money at a place like that .
1 you made our dinner a great experience !
1 service started out a bit spotty , but got better as we settle in .
1 honestly , this is probably my favorite restaurant in the world .
0 so i really really really wanted a philly cheese steak tonight .
0 i wish i was exaggerating - but i 'm not .
0 they made such a small request seem like a huge inconvenience .
1 best transportation for your $ $ $ .
0 room is outdated and not properly cleaned .
1 stopped by with friends for lunch .
1 a very good restaurant .
1 everything was delicious and the service was good .
1 mojitos are good too .
1 it 's the best thing ever .
0 a lot to be desired .
1 us wigs has a vast selection of blonde wigs which i really like .
1 it 's worth every minute .
1 the shoes and socks are very reasonable and the help is very good .
0 the hotel does n't look that great or fancy from the outside .
1 all of which were exceptional ) .
1 i thoroughly enjoyed the ambience and food and will definitely return .
1 easy access , parking , clean and spacious rooms and free breakfast .
0 let 's not forget the crappy food choices !
1 this port of subs is great .
0 i also could n't help but notice that everything was n't freshly prepared .
0 is lettuce not in season ?
1 so check them out !
1 stayed at harrahs last weekend , the beds were amazing !
1 we took our kids and we all had a blast !
1 we just got wings , and they were very good .
1 this is one of the best hidden gems in vegas .
0 when i had eaten all i could , there was still alot left over .
1 this is a great place for a date .
1 said it 's a `` reasonable '' italian place with great food .
1 i highly recommend this shop .
1 this is one of the best places i have eaten in las vegas .
0 now i remember why i do n't try new places .
1 every course was nicely presented and taste great .
1 the smoked salmon pizza was the perfect breakfast/lunch combo .
0 my car was not cleaned at all .
0 it 's a total shame that the hotel does this .
1 my favorite happy hour in las vegas .
1 i ended up drinking almost an entire pitcher last time i went !
1 i actually enjoyed my stay here .
1 this place is awesome for the taste and the deal !
0 the first thing i noticed was that she orders lots of tests .
0 only old school cable internet .
0 it is n't available after _num_ p.m .
0 but the drinks contained almost no alcohol .
0 over-priced food and an overall lack of caring .
0 the staff in the office was crap .
1 i 'm very happy with their service .
1 the food came in big portions and was delicious .
0 boy , was i wrong !
1 we were so close to everything and that is exactly what we wanted .
1 go a couple times a year whenever in town .
0 it was so bad that even the dessert was horrible .
1 great waitstaff , attentive , not pushy .
0 anyway , service was okay .
1 best food i had in vegas my whole trip .
1 wife enjoyed the curry shrimp .
1 i felt so beautiful !
1 this was very valuable for traveling the strip while i stayed at bally 's .
1 the food was so good and the waiter was super nice .
0 clean shop but we walked out b/c of the owner .
1 the people are great , very comfortable , homely atmosphere , very welcoming .
0 omg , i really dont know how these guys are still in business .
1 beef dishes - especially sirloin are very good .
0 _num_ ) where is the wifi ?
0 toys r us has gone down the hole over the years .
1 it 's fast , it 's convenient , and it 's easy !
0 entree 's came out during salads , waters were empty and staff was absent .
0 this is the last time i 'll choose to pickup at this store .
0 just really really loudly ... .
0 newer casinos have bathrooms placed better along the gaming floor .
0 `` sorry , are we bothering you ? ''
1 overall , i enjoyed my stay .
1 yes yes the real caesar 's palace ... in las vegas at least .
1 i had a great time at circus circus , the rooms are priced accordingly .
1 and the crowd is pretty great !
1 i 'll keep this short and sweet .
0 no wifi offered either .
1 their signature firefly fries are a bit greasy but quite tasty .
0 ended up staying here as my original vacation date changed due to work .
1 great people watching for sure .
0 but oh well ... to each is own .
0 another thing that has become really irritating is the endless sales pitch .
0 wasnt impressed this time cheese burger overcooked and dry , fries cold .
1 the food is always fresh and of quality .
0 the gentleman said he still did n't have any other rooms available .
1 chunks of fresh lobster meat rolled in a delicate homemade pasta .
0 my bath towel smelled like smoke .
0 my bath towel smelled like smoke .
0 do not stop there late in the evening .
0 as has been mentioned before , no wifi either .
0 stuffy is the word for it .
0 makes me never want to go back .
1 very good mexican restaurant .
1 we love this place and we highly recommend to everyone !
1 love the jalapeo bagel here !
0 we 're waiting , and he brings out luggage that is n't ours !
1 the flavors were fresh , crisp and delicious .
0 a little bowl of canned veg all and a stale roll .
0 it is korean owned , and not authentic japanese sushi .
0 this is the worse pizza i 've ever eaten .
1 easy cab ride from the strip .
0 best i can say is disappointing overall .
0 the store selling starbucks was adequate with a very helpful clerk .
0 i do n't know why i keep coming in these stores .
1 we had great service , the bartenders were very attentive and friendly .
0 the temperature said it was _num_ , but it felt like _num_ .
0 okay - other than that , there 's really nothing to see .
1 i love places with a great happy hour , atmosphere , and patio .
0 she only had _num_ tables so not quite sure why that took so long .
0 virtually every person was displeased with their room in one way or another .
1 thank you for all you did for my son .
1 i also recommend the house made infused vodka on the rocks .
1 the food is just perfect !
1 no lie , best drink in vegas !
1 pricing is as good as it gets as well for all the different sizes .
0 and some fishy paste , blah !
1 the food is amazing .
1 the food is amazing .
0 oh , and if you want to enjoy the pool - it sucks .
1 nothing fancy - but the location is perfect !
1 salad was very good best part was the croutons .
1 they make you feel very comfortable and help you have a good time .
1 overall , this hotel is a great deal .
0 but otherwise i try to avoid it if at all possible .
0 and do n't get me started about saturday night at the casino .
1 really , truly gorgeous .
1 the smells are just different ; coffee , as opposed to the woods .
1 they are fast , efficient and fair on rice .
1 i 'll be back for sure , though .
1 however , i tried something new ... and it was great !
0 they were not happy .
0 there is n't enough to parking !
1 i was so impressed with each servers knowledge of the cuisine they were serving .
1 they have a wonderful fish with almond crusted yumminess on top .
1 fat tuesday is always great in the summer !
0 i have never see someone be so nasty and unprofessional !
1 plus it 's happy hour !
1 i love everything about firefly .
1 its so worth it .
0 and it did n't cost _num_ bucks for a _num_ dollar hot dog !
1 the mojitos are excellent !
0 i have never stayed at harrahs , so figured i 'd try it .
1 the cocktails were excellent also .
1 she has good taste and always make trendy recommendations .
1 the room was huge and very clean .
0 no new towels for _num_ days .
0 there are two hotel towers .
0 overall , it was n't the worst i could have imagined .
0 sad how poor management can ruin a location .
1 drinks and food were great !
0 the room itself to me seemed a little dated .
1 only complaint is the nose level was quite high .
0 front row usually has something that fills the bill for me .
1 it was the perfect place to grab lunch .
1 it is the best i 've ever had .
1 the food was amongst the best we have ever had .
1 loved the bed selection as well !
1 the wine list is great .
1 the staff were friendly and informative .
0 the employees are ok but the manager is incompetent .
1 paella was super flavorful and filled with substantial amount of seafood .
1 this was my first time here and i had a pretty good experience .
0 it was crispy in some places and soggy in the rest .
0 yet our friends had called _num_ minutes before and got the extra hour .
0 never again will i go there .
1 jamaican wings are huge and the sauce is sweet and yummy .
1 , and we had a great time .
0 well , i m not standing in line again for sure .
0 i 'm not a tourist .
1 the waitresses are nice and the service has always been good .
0 do yourself a favor -- do n't come here .
1 stayed here for a few months back in _num_ , and it was great .
1 great prices and decent wine by the glass .
0 just another example of why drugs are bad for you kids .
0 very messy , long lines of people .
1 ancient creations is a phenomenal place to visit at the venetian .
0 okay , i admit it , i 've stayed here .
1 good food , great ambiance and excellent margaritas .
0 the clerk apologized etc .
0 he then took _num_ minutes to bring me a side of dressing .
1 the mushrooms were wonderful .
0 letting me get even more mad about the situation .
0 for example , it would be approximately $ _num_ for _num_ breakfast buffets .
1 bagels are top notch .
1 our waiter was friendly and attentive too .
1 even so i had a good time here .
1 but it 's also a good thing .
0 it does not feel clean at all .
1 great food , fast and pleasant service !
1 there is always something going on and i very highly recommend it .
1 was recommended by a friend who lives in vegas .
0 order shots or beer , do not get mixed drinks here .
1 food is fresh and tasty and very excellent selection .
1 a fairly large arcade with a good variety of newer games .
1 good food and good waiting service .
0 i ordered the french dip sandwich , it was pathetic .
0 unfortunately that is where the good ends .
1 i love that i can go to any salon they have in town !
0 popcorn ceilings and worn carpet show its age .
1 very clean business , and well lit .
1 happy hour drinks are half off and you get a free plate of appetizers .
1 one of my favorite spots .
0 just regular plain tomato juice .
0 really bad theme for a gambling casino .
0 the room looked dim and dingy .
1 highly recommend this experience !
0 i know now why the other _num_ locations are permanently closed .
0 but please never intend to sleep here !
1 this is my favorite vegas restaurant .
0 the window shade had holes in it .
0 the window shade had holes in it .
1 the entertainment is free at the midway , which is great .
0 i ordered _num_ pizzas one hand tossed the other thin .
1 the staff is always nice and makes you feel welcome .
1 chocolate upside down cake was amazing !
1 beautiful setting , reasonably priced ( for vegas ) , pretty good service .
0 i did not receive any of that here .
1 some of the best calamari you will ever have .
0 there was a safe though .
0 then excalibur really dropped the ball !
1 the service is great and the location is just right off of the strip .
0 food was alright , not the best .
1 anyway , at least the food was good !
0 * check in area is old looking and long lines .
0 by far the worst experience ever .
1 had the carbonara by his recommendation and it was delicious !
0 no wifi in the room .
1 the beef is so juicy and tender it literally melts off the fork .
0 our check was handed by another server .
1 food is amazing ... sangria is amazing !
0 it took security at least _num_ minutes or more to come to the room .
0 looks like they parked another car too close .
0 we decided to grab a fast bite at the food court .
0 i got _num_ full size beds in a smoking room .
1 it was another enjoyable meal at bahama breeze !
0 waitress never came back by to check on us .
1 excellent food for an excellent price .
1 the portions were good , service was great .
0 would n't come back here .
1 very nice apple store !
1 drove an extra _num_ miles just based on reviews and worth the drive .
0 slots were good , tables not good .
1 their margaritas are awesome , good variety .
0 a thing i did n't like too much was the size .
1 just super nice , fast services .
1 our server joe was awesome as well .
0 weekend stays are rather more expensive .
0 but , i had trouble .
0 not true to the fat burger quality and service anymore .
1 it 's a nice little break from all that drinking !
0 our friends ' room was less than clean .
0 there wasnt even a bathtub in this upgraded room .
1 the rooms were nice , location was great .
1 the instructors are superb !
0 i do n't think it is in the best part of town .
1 it was delicious with just the right amount of liquor .
1 the food was delicious , the ambiance romantic .
0 it 's really not that great anymore .
1 great for a family or people on budget .
0 iv never been treated so badly .
0 seriously , that bad .
1 the rooms are nice and clean .
0 but this one has the worst service !
1 they were both fantastic .
1 their drink selection is quite special .
0 i wish i could give zero stars .
1 this is a restaurant that is a must go to when in vegas !
1 my husband loved it .
0 sandwich was super soggy and not enjoyable .
1 this place is phenomenal !
1 this place is phenomenal !
1 get that extra shot for $ _num_ ; it 's worth it .
1 they have a happy hour ; ) and save room for dessert !
0 it 'll be okay , she 'll deserve it .
1 great option for the regular more pricier service offered on the hotels .
0 i put oil back in my car , and guess what ?
0 the waitress asked me what was wrong and i explained to her the situation .
1 super yummy and affordable , with a great vibe .
0 everything here was awful !
0 the property is dated .
1 the cafe menu prices are a little less expensive but the food is exceptional !
0 _num_ minutes later , still nothing .
0 i was disappointed that this place had pretty decent reviews after staying there .
0 i wore flip flops at all times .
0 i will never come back to this place .
1 everyone went away happy ( and buzzed ) .
1 i highly recommend the hotel , since i had an amazing experience .
0 of $ _num_ per day , during the week .
0 the food the first time was okay , philly cheese with swiss .
0 unfortunately , i really did n't like my stay .
1 you can tell they really pay attention to detail .
0 go to that one unless you like excessive waiting .
0 avoid it at all cost !
0 but he was very offensive to us .
0 i waited about _num_ days , and no one called .
1 that being said , this is a great place .
0 slow to get drinks .
0 i only played poker but the experience was n't that great .
0 the elevator entrance reeked of a less than sanitary odor .
0 should be no star .
0 want a $ _num_ computer ?
0 do not eat the food off the grill here .
1 good prices , service , atmosphere , and taste .
1 even they looked like they enjoyed working the place .
1 they were both really good .
0 however today my burger was more like a slider .
1 the salad is the best chinese chicken salad that you will eat .
0 the omelet came with a bagel and diced potatoes .
0 the decor was awful and reminded of a bad nail salon in the hood .
1 clean , quiet , speedy .
1 the food was great - we started off with the steak tartar .
0 also the traffic can be a nightmare with a big convention .
0 anyway , on with the review .
1 i 'll definitely be back for more .
0 not impressed considering i 'm staying in a castle ... !
1 the food is so delicious and perfectly sized portions .
0 this will not fly with locals .
0 the door nearly hit the toilet when you would close it .
1 i get one of these a day during every vegas trip !
1 great service , great atmosphere , great food and drinks and great prices .
0 it was a real disappointment .
1 but its a nice little romantic spot to relax with your boo .
0 overall , this is n't a bad place for the price .
0 their customer service is horrible !
1 nice place to eat and relax .
0 the shower wall has a huge ball of long hair stuck to it .
1 noodles were cooked perfectly .
0 gosh , i was so mad !
1 jason and bob at the bar are awesome people .
1 i liked the buffet here- flavors was surprisingly good .
0 i got sick after a day being there real quick .
1 at $ _num_ and at a prime location , harrah 's is a steal .
1 they have an awesome menu as well that has something for just about everyone .
1 service is okay but do n't expect much from such a casual place .
0 not a fan of this particular location .
0 worst customer service i have ever ever witnessed .
0 do n't waist your time or money with these people .
0 i give this _num_ star just for the outside .
1 the prices per night are very good anytime of the year .
0 this is the first time i stayed in an older vegas hotel .
0 our first room was nasty .
1 i tried an ahi tuna dish that was very good .
1 best deal in vegas by far for what you get .
0 lol it needs to be remodeled .
1 it was good , but i liked the crab cakes benedict better .
1 regardless , my impressions of circo were splendid .
1 they also have the best variety on their menu .
1 great selection of booze , snacks , and souvenirs !
0 the employees were soo rude and annoying .
1 thank you sunrise l & d !
1 service from the two female bartenders was excellent as well .
0 not impressed at all with this place and i will not be back .
0 if you go here , do n't expect anything special .
1 firefly is a must when i go to las vegas .
0 the room was just ok .
0 after suggesting a free upgrade for his birthday , i was rudely shot down .
1 the food was really good and properly cooked .
1 very impressed with this apple location .
0 but even for a free room , i would n't return .
0 anyway , that 's my experience .
0 just a complete miss .
1 this is one of my favorite places to go to !
1 i 'm normally not a meatloaf person , but it was fantastic .
0 the salmon entre was over _num_ dollars and it was dry and tasteless .
1 will definitely be coming back !
1 will definitely be coming back !
1 most of the fun and activities will be had in between these two hotels .
0 told my husband to hit the rain locker because he stunk .
0 the hotel refused to change my room without any sort of upgrades unfortunately .
0 i normally tip even for just picking up food from a restaurant but this time.
0 restaurant was clean and i saw the bus boys cleaning .
0 _num_ small stromboli and _num_ antipasto salad please .
1 the food is always consistent and the service is always great .
0 pathetic is one word to describe this hotel .
0 it looked so bad after she painted it .
1 waiter was extremely nice ; very polite and gave great recommendations !
1 but , it was worth it .
1 great place to have a good small portioned meal with a lady .
1 i would certainly eat here again .
0 this hotel also has the worst dining on the strip .
1 the yard dog was the perfect size .
1 always great service - quick service , and very friendly and attendant staff .
1 the price is great and the memories are plentiful .
1 service was also super polite and friendly both in the restaurant and bakery side .
0 i went to use the outlet to charge my phone .
1 this restaurant has a very hit and trendy environment .
1 okay , just about everything on the menu , i enjoy good food .
0 wo n't be going back there again .
0 wo n't be back .
0 wo n't be back .
0 that 's just horrible management and customer service !
1 customer service from the counter was superb , and the place was spotless .
1 it was nice to eat somewhere off the strip !
0 she had never tried any of the food .
0 would not pay to eat or gamble there .
1 dessert was the best .
1 great clothes and customer service to match !
0 i wish i could give a better review .
0 oh and do n't forget ... bring your own coffee maker !
1 to my surprise the food was exceptional .
1 this hotel is made for a nice long weekend .
1 they let you sample the drinks before purchasing and the staff is super friendly !
1 the burrito was really tasty .
0 never again will i stay in this horror place !
0 pee in the toilet , towels on the floor .
1 excellent selection and tastes awesome .
1 all the staff from check in to photos we friendly and helpful .
0 the poker room sucked .
1 it 's still really nice .
1 highly recommended to anyone and every - delicious !
1 all that we ordered was delicious and we did n't break the bank .
0 sliders were mediocre and a little overdone for my taste .
0 not a good vibe , kinda prison feel .
1 it is fast and efficient .
0 no internet , noisy crappy conditioner , no ventilation in the rooms .
0 this was a very rush job .
0 the management agreed it was disgusting and yet did nothing about it .
1 they are the best !
0 but this does not compare to being scammed twice by the excalibur .
1 the empanadas and tuna tartare were amazing !
1 price is very reasonable as well .
0 just let me walk to the pool in peace , please !
0 it was like _num_ bucks so i had high expectations .
0 i immediately called guest services and requested a room change .
1 the drinks are great and the servers are always friendly !
1 this is one of my favorite places to eat !
1 great experience overall and well worth .
0 i wo n't be making this my go to cheap hotel ever again .
1 staff is courteous fun and knowledgeable .
1 all were very good .
1 all were very good .
0 luckily i fell under the _num_ day with my lease .
1 parking for the apple store is best in the green area under saks .
0 the air conditioner cover was busted off .
0 it was so irritating .
1 great experience and so fun !
1 food tasted good and decor is elegant yet hip .
0 worst food in history of las vegas buffet .
0 i saw a women fighting with manager for that issue , which was useless .
0 it 's a shame that the bus boy had to do all the work .
0 dan is the slowest and most ill informed person i have ever dealt with .
1 always get the extra shot ... so worth it .
0 the view is terrible .
0 overall , an average dessert and i 've had better .
1 room was nice and clean !
1 best italian i have ever had .
0 so you wo n't be getting these crappy reviews .
0 within five seconds another tech at the store was able to locate it .
1 this is the place to go if you like a good frozen cocktail !
0 each time is same star .
1 service here is always spot on and much appreciated !
0 ( a room across the hall also complained of stolen items ) .
0 the week i was in vegas they had the computer system down twice .
1 great selection for inexpensive wigs .
1 the food was fantastic .
1 really attentive staff , incredible food !
0 did n't feel that clean or anything .
1 i will definitely dine here again when i return to vegas !
1 i have been a vegas regular for many years now .
0 old and ugly rooms .
0 check in line goes pretty quick but the actual process is slow .
0 is that how this problem is resolved ?
0 the casino seems dark , smokey , and old .
1 i stayed during labor day weekend the price was good .
1 this will be a regular visit every time we come to vegas .
0 that is the biggest bull crap i have ever heard .
1 definitely an interesting crowd depending on what you 're looking for .
0 she said i have to buy a empty cup for $ _num_ !
1 service is fabulous , people watching is fun when sitting in the cafe .
1 the sides of rice and beans were excellent .
1 i split it with my friend and she told me to finish it .
0 upon staying i realized more and more things wrong .
1 and they 're great about accommodating large groups .
0 this is not it .
0 they decided to charge me extra _num_ for gel polish .
1 customer service was quick and accurate !
1 the sangria is phenomenal and strong .
1 i 've loved hello kitty as long as i can remember .
1 tacos and enchiladas are great dinner choices .
1 we enjoyed ourselves immensely - the service was good too .
0 so i said no thanks .
1 you can taste the freshness and that 's exactly what i like .
1 one of the most pleasant experiences i 've had in a gun shop yet !
1 a great place to dine besides the strip !
0 he did n't check up on us to see how we were doing .
1 my last visit was exceptional .
1 our server was helpful and playful .
1 staff always friendly and even accommodate early check in for me .
1 way more fun than we even imagined .
0 overall , a terrible experience on day _num_ .
0 the one major perk of the excalibur is the location .
0 - shower only , no bathtub .
1 this place is a classic !
1 our entrees were also quite good .
0 i have never seen worse customer service .
1 overall , beautiful restaurant for a calm weekend lunch .
0 sad that they keep change server and change chef .
1 inventive , unique and wonderful .
0 worse than any hotel or motel i have ever been to !
1 one of my favorite places to eat .
0 i could 've left to get food and been back in that time !
1 but rest of my family did really enjoyed their food .
1 the food was very good .
1 we also shared the huge serving of paella .
0 i just switched the bags , i had n't opened it . ''
0 after reading yelp reviews i was hesitant and for good reason .
0 this place is run terribly avoid at all costs !
1 great ambiance , fabulous food , and their drinks are to die for .
1 waiters were very attentive to our large group and the food was very tasty .
1 i look forward to it !
0 i could do it and i 'm not even a professional .
1 consistently exceptional and worth a visit .
1 the staff is very friendly .
0 has no one heard of customer service ?
0 they do n't tell you that when you book the hotel .
0 would n't call another employee to help .
0 so sad as i love love me some fried okra .
0 very poor customer service at front counters and cleanliness .
1 the food here is very satisfying and the service is great as well .
0 the only decent thing was the sweet green tea .
1 fast easy and stress free way to travel the strip .
0 however , he knew what was going on and apologized for it .
0 shame on excalibur hotel/casino .
0 after some time , i decided to give this place another chance .
0 when my family and i was signing the lease i was very nervous !
1 stuffed dates awesome ... .
1 it is worth the wait in my opinion .
1 atmosphere is relaxing and entertaining .
1 luis was the perfect waiter , attentive and knowledgeable .
1 great atmosphere and food awsome selection of cocktails .
1 there was lots of energy and very pleasant atmosphere .
1 the dj there played great island music , as well .
0 this hotel is very outdated .
0 a year ago , i probably would have given harrah 's three stars .
0 thanks , but no thanks .
0 the go into _num_ room & it was dirty .
0 i mean seriously , this is a convention center .
1 we enjoyed another stellar meal at circo .
0 not my fault you do n't understand english .
0 get your act together chinese village !
1 kids _num_ and under ride free and they will enjoy the trip .
1 it was light , flavorful , and satisfying .
0 from the beginning , i was not impressed .
0 it takes _num_ weeks and then they will send those to me .
1 great clean newer suite with nice amenities .
0 this hotel was not is not recommended if you want to enjoy your vacation .
1 the staff is super friendly and helpful .
0 the hotel room was fairly clean , bed was comfy .
1 the partial view of the strip was nice .
0 it would n't shut ( again 25th floor ) .
1 both were the perfect ending to our evening .
1 still drooling just thinking about it .
0 there 's no mini bar or snack center in the room .
1 came in with _num_ min to spare at end of happy hour .
0 great location on the strip , but this place is otherwise pathetic .
0 it 's cheap and all , but damn so far away from things !
1 they did a good job with the decorating .
0 i ate it and left .
1 all the food was great , and reasonably priced !
1 such a gem off the strip ; this place is awesome !
1 the folks that work here are the best !
1 this is our favorite restaurant in las vegas !
0 the place inside is disgusting .
1 the cookies were ridiculously fresh and still warm from the oven .
0 sleep in bed , and stole the purse that was on the table .
0 ca n't smoke in the restaurant side .
0 the pool hours really need to be extended .
0 so again , i asked him to quote me the price .
0 ( spa , gym , pool , wi-fi , etc ) .
0 it reminded me of a greyhound bus terminal .
1 and of course , their sangria goes with all of their dishes !
0 _num_ star : cheap cost of hotels , good location to venetian and bellagio .
1 the heels are the best .
1 however , when i review i feel like _num_ stars is the best ever .
0 i 'm sure we will not return .
1 best happy hour in vegas in my opinion .
1 their red sangria is so good !
1 our instructor , rob was great , fun and cool .
1 the girls are nice and sweet and not fake .
1 great food but the service while friendly was slow .
0 _num_ nights $ _num_ , not well spent .
0 thanks for ruining my first trip u o vegas .
0 but it was not on sale .
1 pricey , but worth it .
1 everything i had was ridiculously good .
0 nothing like taking the long way around when it 's _num_ outside .
1 it 's pretty expensive but worth going too .
0 fourth , the room was not clean .
1 i ca n't say enough about this restaurant .
0 long long check in lines .
0 there is no wifi !
1 mostly every visitor pays a visit for this walgreens .
0 the quality of alterations is n't great either .
1 great place to grab a good burrito !
1 probably one of the best restaurant experiences i 've ever had in my life .
0 umm , what normal philly steaks have ?
1 totally , totally recommended .
0 third , our food took _num_ minutes to show up .
0 a lot of food items were dried out like the potatoes .
1 this walgreens is pretty huge !
1 they really pay attention to detail here and i really enjoyed the experience !
0 at first i said ok thats too long but o well .
0 unfortunately , that shows how we feel we 've been treated throughout .
0 food cold , dry and no one attending the area .
0 they give you soap for the shower but no hand soap for the bathroom .
0 no , you do n't need one .
0 my issue is bed bugs .
0 checked in here to mardi gras tower .
0 and that leads me back to what i wrote above .
0 now it is the most bland disgusting watered down garbage ever .
1 absolutely the best makeup appointment i 've had .
1 damn , i wish i had one right now .
1 yummy yummy and perfect portions .
1 one for men , one for women !
0 $ _num_ for this !
0 the food is extremely over priced and it was not just bad but horrible .
1 romantic view , very nice & courteous server , & tasty food !
0 they had a variety and not all of them would break the bank .
1 but the main point is the food - and circo delivers .
0 i left , never to return .
0 - no free wifi !
0 - plumbing is loud and there was no hot water on sunday morning .
1 service is warm and professional and the wine list very comprehensive .
0 the place needs fixing in the visual sense and more structure in their organization .
0 the tv remote was missing but did n't call for that .
0 at that point he was just annoyed and said give us the bill .
1 it tasted phenomenal , and i could barely taste the liquor .
0 for $ _num_ a person for dinner so not worth it .
0 the room was large enough to accomodate the roll away without feeling cramped .
1 nice peeps and handy from the venetian .
0 most of the lights in your room will not work .
0 have never been to a place with that slow service .
1 buffet is good for $ _num_ .
0 i 've made that mistake once and i will never do it again .
1 jenny hooks it up !
0 shady business practice , but that 's vegas .
1 carlos , was great , helping us choose our tapas .
0 im renting a studio apt .
1 chuck makes the best mixes , make sure you ask for him .
0 our host originally agreed , a party of _num_ people , price fixed menu .
0 i 've stayed at _num_ star hotels that had better accommodations .
1 the food also came out pretty quickly .
0 she seemed like she hated her life .
0 i wish i could give excalibur no stars .
1 if you do n't like it then you are seriously insane !
1 the decor is awesome .
0 then there 's the smell .
0 _num_ calls over a week and i still dont have the right product .
1 my friend and i shared the halibut entree .
0 to sum up : mediocre , overpriced food , served by idiots .
0 i 'm wondering if polo towers getting a cut out of it .
0 overall , i wo n't be back .
1 this is a decent mexican restaurant with great staff and a relaxed environment .
0 i think i will stay elsewhere next time i am there .
0 my son in laws steak was overcooked and my daughters steak had no flavor .
1 great tapas and sangria !
1 came here for lunch and had an excellent sandwich .
1 pitchers of sangria always make the mood more festive .
0 not a very good place to find a nice restaurant or for shopping .
1 fresh flour tortillas , pork empanadas , with a fantastic red sauce .
0 hot room , not cleaned properly and just plain beat up .
0 i wish it had he option to put zero stars !
1 my friend and i came here for an early dinner .
0 they tried to sell me special oil change $ _num_ bucks .
0 however the staff itself was always friendly and courteous .
0 complaint filed with the taxi bureau .
0 if you 're going to pay their rates , go spend it somewhere else .
1 tuna tartar with sashimi was good , sea bass excellent .
1 the arcade is fun , but really crowded as to be expected .
1 great selections of food !
0 but you 've been taking my payment by phone this entire time .
1 this was worth every cent !
1 amazing staff with great service for as busy as this store is !
1 vegas here i come !
0 the food was okay but nothing special .
0 our bill came to $ _num_ without the _num_ % tip that we include .
0 the patrons and some of the staff just made me sad .
1 this is a really good pasta restaurant .
0 real mistake on my part .
0 many of the bikes had no tickets .
0 we were lucky enough to get a complimentary room upgrade which was nice .
0 we will not be staying here again .
1 i really love the food here .
0 anyhow i just wanted to express my extreme disappointment in this particular location .
0 because i certainly left with a bitter taste in my mouth .
0 rude bell hop that had a major attitude and was short with us .
1 this is one of my favorite places to gamble in vegas .
1 small plates make it fun to try a little of everything .
1 but the price is what draws everyone to this place .
1 i the appetizers are delicious as well , for a good price .
1 the food is very solid .
1 great place to stop for gelato while walking through the venetian .
1 the business is full of everything you can imagine and a lot more .
1 food and drinks were so delicious !
1 just my kind of humor .
1 everyone enjoyed their meals .
0 and prices are not too bad for vegas .
0 on day _num_ when i left still broken .
0 our room had some trash left in it from a guest before .
0 paid about _num_ dollars more than the same order in philly .
1 we absolutly loved this restaurant !
0 everything in this hotel looks outdated although it does look clean and well kept .
0 some of the figures were so life like it was creepy .
0 the spa was on of the worst ones i have ever attended .
0 the room 's bedding was about as nice as a motel _num_ 's .
1 it 's great before going out .
0 prepare to crawl over your bed partner at _num_ am to use the facility .
1 four stars because of it .
1 the two roller coasters were amazing and the kids loved the arcade .
0 my wife ordered her wings naked with no sauce .
0 cheap , old , dirty .
0 them rip u off like they did me smh ... .
0 do n't waste your time here .
1 we will definitely be back !
1 from the service to the sangria to the tapas , firefly does it right .
0 the room is straight up old , it has never been remodeled .
1 they let you sample as well before buying and the pistachio flavor is amazing !
1 would most definitely go back again !
1 great fruity island drinks !
0 if the machine is frozen then why would i want to spend anymore money .
0 if the machine is frozen then why would i want to spend anymore money .
0 no friendly staff and shitty management !
1 the service is wonderful and very attentive , definetly _num_ star service !
1 an amazing old fashioned , fantastic dinner , great view , excellent service .
0 then our waitress was friendly enough but not a good waitress .
1 i hear the food is amazing too .
0 there 's just one thing going for excalibur - it 's cheap .
1 we stayed here for four nights in a two bedroom suite .
1 if you have used these products , you know the impeccable quality .
0 she also gave no direction on how to get to the room .
0 but all smokey , older casino 's are all the same .
1 this is a great place to just grab a quick bite !
1 if i had to choose one favorite in las vegas this would be it !
0 the real problem later was the way i was treated by security .
1 my wife and i enjoyed the atmosphere and the food .
0 overall , this place could use a remodel .
1 love this place , food was amazing and service was great .
0 got tower one which i believe is the older of the _num_ towers .
1 incredible food at great value .
1 we came for lunch & were very impressed !
1 probably the best way to get around the strip .
0 maybe they were tired .
0 i 'm assuming they have the friday off for the labor day weekend .
0 i 'm assuming they have the friday off for the labor day weekend .
0 if you want to risk it , pay the lower price and stay here .
0 it was just weird .
1 the staff was friendly , the doctor was competent and knowledgeable .
1 had corn soup today that was the best i ever had in my life .
0 the resort fee was $ _num_ ( including tax ) for _num_ days .
1 service was 1st class .
0 he refused me again , so i requested the supervisor .
1 very nice food choices !
1 enchiladas and fajitas were fresh and delicious .
0 and harrah 's does not have wireless !
1 everything came out really quick , and the sangria was amazing .
1 it 's even better if i 'm staying at the venetian !
0 housekeeping folks ( most ) walk right by you without even a glance .
0 this place is horrible it looks nice but so not worth it .
0 price : locally they are very reasonably priced .
1 the drinks can be pretty strong depending what you get .
1 their bagels are the best in las vegas .
0 as lame as you might expect .
0 two dirty coffee cups are outside my door when i checked in .
1 we ordered the red sangria which we loved !
1 easily the best lox i 've had since i ca n't even remember when .
1 the reuben omelet is absolutely amazing !
0 waitress was fair , will not return .
1 i 'll trek across town for this mole again , for sure !
0 had a # _num_ philly w/ provolone and side of chili fries .
0 it was big enough to fit _num_ girls comfortably .
0 the rooms were very outdated .
1 the oysters were also excellent , as was the caprese salad .
0 this hotel has terrible customer service .
1 good food for a decent price .
1 this is a must do in vegas !
0 do n't waste your $ $ .
1 thanks again to the wait staff and the chef !
1 the sauce base was the most flavorful i have ever tasted .
1 i 'm a bit annoyed by the yelp rating on this place .
0 getting a drink while playing was n't always the fastest .
1 the rooms are clean and everything works well .
0 so got the money back , but what a lot of trouble .
1 best carbonara i 've ever had !
1 authentic , delicious , and above all affordable tapas off-strip in las vegas .
1 this place is absolutely amazing !
0 i do n't understand how the food owners continue to have this account .
1 passionate and experienced instructors .
0 hmm , that 's weird .
0 the worst place i 've experienced in vegas !
0 this casino is a bit tired for las vegas .
1 the food , the service , and the environment were all top notch .
0 so here 's where i absolutely could not stand the rest of our experience .
0 so i would give more like a _num_ stars .
1 really a beautiful plate .
0 i have not stayed here in years .
1 fantastic vibe , fantastic atmosphere ... got ta love the charm !
0 the room smelled like cigarettes , the blow dryer burned .
1 really liked this hotel .
0 no water in the room .
0 owners , staff and managers are trying hard .
0 if i could give this place a zero i would .
1 the chef is outstanding !
0 girl that answer apologized about it and she was sorry for him being unprofessional .
0 the blinds do n't keep the sun out .
1 it 's the perfect drink for the hot summer weather .
0 however , _num_ out of _num_ things the hem is starting to fall out .
1 our waitress was super nice .
0 okay , i might be biased because i stayed at a different hotel .
1 our server was very very friendly and attentive .
0 eh not a place i 'd suggest to a friend .
1 spago vegas is number one in our book !
0 the room has carpet from _num_ with wallpaper and furniture to match .
1 their sushi is great !
0 not so much for adults wanting to avoid kids .
1 friendly and patient staff .
1 great drinks , awesome mexican food , super friendly bar tender !
0 bummed we did not have a good experience .
1 the food was delicious for a casual restaurant and so were the margaritas .
1 harrah 's is actually kind of cool .
1 he was very informative and outgoing .
1 this was an amazing experience !
1 the food was also delicious .
0 ok if i could give this place _num_ stars , i would .
1 if you see a line , it is worth the wait .
0 took back lobster tail , took back husbands fish .
0 if there were 1/2 star options i would rate it a _num_ .
1 i absolutely love tapas and the food here was not bad at all .
0 i could n't argue the price was great .
0 the lady looked at us like we had _num_ heads .
0 i like it cold , i usually set the thermostat at _num_ .
0 but tacos do n't cost $ _num_ .
1 average food but great location !
1 well worth cost of $ _num_ .
0 _num_ minute wait for the next order of shrimp .
0 $ _num_ for a cheesesteak and a soda .
0 i would rather stay elsewhere next time .
1 cream cheese wontons were delicious as well .
0 room are nice enough but has a few big fails in my book .
0 nasty looking bathroom with cracked counters .
0 rooms are also not very good .
1 excellent food , not too expensive .
0 this course is not maintained at all .
1 the food and drinks here at the paradise location is terrific !
0 my repeated request for this information was ignored .
1 to top it all off , the service was great .
0 the bartender seemed annoyed even though the bar was full .
1 thanks yelpers for the great recommendation !
0 i 'd say the two hostesses were quite rude if you ask me .
1 the service was great .
1 the service was great .
1 the service was great .
1 the service was great .
1 it 's a slice of heaven in sin city !
0 the thai beef salad tasted boring .
1 pro : food , decoration , service are all great !
0 i will probably not go back to the excalibur based on this .
1 as for dessert , we ordered key lime , light yet satisfying .
1 we just did this for our anniversary and our was the perfect date .
0 the rooms smelt like smoke even though it was a non-smoking room .
0 i ate one of them and refused to try another they were so bad .
1 they were nice and efficient and the bagels were nice and chewy .
0 that moment was _num_ minutes later .
0 i never use any of the so called amenities that this resort fee covers .
0 nothing like that ever happened .
1 worth the trip off the strip .
0 after it was sent back , it came back still kicking around .
1 the price is right and the location is great !
0 it 's dark , you ca n't see anything .
1 she knew exactly what i wanted and did it to perfection .
0 i do n't recommend going to this place at all .
0 the office staff is so rude and lazy .
1 i highly recommend discount firearms .
1 the bagels are great .
1 i just loved it .
0 never will go back ... go to another place .
0 at 4pm this would be annoying , but at 10pm this is unacceptable .
0 the stromboli is disgusting .
0 the problem started when we checked in .
0 the sangria was okay but not great .
1 lol , humor does go a long way .
0 is n't it your responsibility to greet the customers first ?
0 this place is cheap .
1 it 's right in the middle of the strip .
0 the staff made things worst .
1 good drink prices even if its not happy hour .
0 the rooms are unimpressive and the atmosphere was ehh .
0 they do n't take no for an answer .
0 no compensation or discounts , nothing .
1 the staff is pleasant and efficient .
0 overall , just a bad experience .
1 the staff are helpful and friendly .
0 i wo n't be going there again .
1 i loved walking through this museum and seeing all the stars .
1 learned to play craps - fun , challenging game .
1 he made the experience more exciting and more fun .
1 great beet salad and just an al around good time .
0 it was very hard to sleep !
0 the hotel does not have wifi access .
1 they were both delicious , well-prepared and beautifully displayed .
1 always tasty entrees and creative desserts .
1 i enjoyed the ambience , service and most importantly , the italian food .
1 the job she did was outstanding .
1 to my relief , these bagels were delicious !
1 there are twists and turns and wide hallways to accommodate the vegas sized crowds .
0 when we get up there was n't as clean as it should of been .
1 i 've only had the sushi ... but it was great !
1 my favorite store at the premium outlet mall .
0 refund some of the money i spent and maybe i will accept it .
0 the hotel lobby stinks .
0 the room was dirty and obviously somebody had been smoking in the room .
1 i 'm in vegas every few months and this is a spot i frequent .
0 instead i listened to how other doctors did not do their job correctly .
1 stayed here for nye and had a decent experience .
0 never have i gone through anything like this .
0 the concierge desk was a little rude .
0 the ribeye was less than great quality .
1 my favorite were the dates and the chocolate cake .
1 i will definitely be returning .
0 the weekend rates were super cheap .
0 i was not that impressed .
1 definitely a splurge , but well worth it for a lovely evening .
1 the portion is huge !
1 old school italian at it 's pretty much best .
1 i came in here once with my girlfriend ... .
1 pretty good place to eat , perfect spot for people watching .
0 then towards the end i asked for the check and a togo box .
1 there are so many great things to say .
1 the pork is incredibly tender and everything is well flavored .
1 had a great time here !
1 they have a sushi bar , steamed pork buns and perfect food .
1 i settled on a black piece with blue and silver hands .
1 the food is amazing at take out prices .
1 a place to get relaxed with friends enjoying nice food .
0 not to mention the indian lady there was so rude also !
0 it seems like a management issue .
1 they have great food and a lot of interesting and fun cocktails .
1 drinks are always amazing .
1 i love this place so much .
0 i would not recommend and seek alternatives if at all possible .
1 they have excellent breakfast too .
0 plus they are so limited .
0 my first thing , check the bed for bugs or anything weird .
0 get new keys , go back up , same problem .
1 bacon wrapped dates , savory chicken skewers and a delicious even cooked calamari .
1 excellent food and great service .
0 guy fieri needs a slap in the face !
0 and i could n't figure out how to shut it off !
0 but you can get a room for $ _num_ sometimes !
0 only offered one show and that was the tournament of kings .
0 you 're probably better off getting a microwave dinner .
1 nice way to start off your vegas trip .
1 the bartenders there are always entertaining .
1 the `` human sculptures '' are interesting .
1 absolutely want to go back and try something else .
1 the wait staff was perfect .
1 the service was fantastic and so was the food .
1 one of my favorite happy hours in town .
1 i 've ordered on separate occasions and have been really impressed with the results .
1 it 's one of the best restaurants in town .
1 he made our experience extra special tonight .
1 keep up the exceptional service guys !
1 great food and great service !
1 it was the perfect dish for a tasty but light lunch .
0 so forget them and the horse they rode in on .
1 it 's kind of expensive on certain prizes , but worth it on others .
0 dont think we 'll be ordering from here again .
0 ok -- - fat tuesday = not a bar .
0 this place is terrible .
0 this place is terrible .
0 this place is terrible .
0 the deposit was to be refunded if not used .
0 i advise to find another carwash .
1 the service was very fast and friendly .
1 best food since we have been in vegas .
1 solid italian food ; great for groups and business gatherings .
1 this place is always packed so i recommend making a reservation .
0 old tv that i could not make work .
1 there 's lots of locations on the strip so you can refill anywhere !
0 worse then a car dealership .
0 there is a smell that i can not stand .
1 the flight seemed too short but each of us got to float _num_ times .
0 this is just unbelievable .
0 that 's just dirt cheap for vegas .
1 a great place for cheap weekend brunch .
0 shrimp tempura tasted terrible .
1 love their dessert donuts !
1 one of the clean , young casinos with $ _num_ tables .
1 they are the best .
0 everyone knows how bad this hotel is so i have nothing more to say .
0 it was not crowded .
0 horrible place to stay !
0 noisy to the point of nearly ruining our dining experience .
1 the coupon is great for refills !
1 great atmosphere , great food , great service .
1 no attitudes here and the prices are very good too .
1 we came for breakfast and loved it .
0 cheap hotel do n't expect much .
0 the only good thing about this location is the location .
1 i was able to make one and it was with rachel .
0 you ca n't judge him , you do n't even know him .
1 it is a quiet locale .
1 best mexican restaurant on the east side !
0 really , they need to upgrade their rooms with 21st century amenities .
1 the ultimate pina colada is delicious but low on the alcohol content .
1 dine in food is also excellent .
1 good luck climbing it !
0 never again will i step a foot into this place again .
1 as always , an excellent world of shoes and service .
0 i was in tower _num_ .
0 why would anyone want to play here ?
1 the first casino that i entered when i was a kid .
1 i stopped by for lunch here and it was pretty good .
0 in this case , `` food '' however is a stretch .
1 the staff was friendly and the atmosphere is great .
0 here is the big problem .
0 i 'd suggest going somewhere else , though .
1 the service is quick but helpful .
0 check in took over an hour , with only _num_ people work .
0 is wifi so important ?
0 the doors for the rooms are around an inch off the floor .
1 i wish them all my best !
1 such a great shopping experience .
0 do n't waist your time with this office , find a different one .
0 the place is ridiculously dirty .
0 she was not say any word about the wrong order .
0 do n't be a cheap ass .
0 brought a party of _num_ people there last night .
0 i really did n't enjoy our stay at the excalibur .
1 thank you for accommodating me , circo !
1 assortment of breads was nice .
1 i love you fat tuesday !
0 this is probably the worst hotel i 've ever stayed at on the strip .
1 i loved the pitchers of mojitos and sangria .
1 i 'm making this _num_ stars so everyone can see this !
0 i am just tired .
0 i will never ever spend that much money for alright steak with terrible service .
0 no wonder this place is such a **** hole .
1 it is what it is .
1 loved the restaurant ambience and food .
1 the pasta is wonderful .
1 thank you for your beautiful arrangements !
1 i recommend this area of the strip and harrah 's is a fun area .
1 it had _num_ % prices on sushi and it was delicious !
0 this place is only good if you have that seafood craving .
0 i gave _num_ star just because it is a fancy restaurant above palms casino .
1 very diverse crowd , everyone having fun and enjoying the food and music .
0 next time i visit vegas .
0 the toilet ran all night ( very loud ) .
0 sorry , i do not recommend this hotel .
0 i would also not use their on-line deals .
0 cause at this point i 'll do anything to get you out of here .
0 salads were bland and tasteless .
1 ensuring the best quality of service !
0 yes it 's cheap but that 's because it sucks .
1 large space , clean & well kept .
1 we will highly recommend this company to all !
0 the person taking our order did not seem to thrilled to be serving us .
0 first time at this location and my favorite burger was _num_ % ruined .
0 the arcade 's hours are the worst .
1 i had a great margarita , coconut shrimp & salad ( lunch special ) .
0 and thankfully that 's all we gave our server for the experience .
1 everyone was nice and i was very happy with the super friendly customer service .
0 the pool was freezing cold .
1 recommended to come back again !
1 west tower room is nice and clean .
0 only thing i liked was the mashed potatoes .
1 i had the most delicious chocolate shake made for me here .
0 ( no room service after _num_ for a family friendly hotel ? )
1 i would recommend ... ... ... ... ... .
0 also , there are no coffee pots in the rooms !
0 it 's not too clean .
0 he then offered to try and clean the shirt .
1 the best and freshest food i 've ever had !
0 she returned _num_ minutes later and asked one question .
0 the portion size was large ( she was unable to finish ) .
0 no one even turned around to see if she was okay .
1 as many of you know , tips get your favorite songs played faster .
0 this has to be the worst hotel i have stayed at .
1 give it a go !
1 thanks a million , maureen !
0 please do not waste your time coming here for glasses .
0 i stayed out to gambling all night rather than sleeping in the room .
0 he would n't take it .
0 they have _num_ locations ... this one is on eastern ave .
0 if it 's free , i would n't mind .
0 for vegas , it is surprisingly dated convention center .
1 great , flavorful tapas .
1 went for lunch and it was great .
0 fridge did n't work until the next day and got that comp 'd too .
1 the firefly fries are always a hit when we bring people here .
1 i prefer the planet hollywood and mgm locations .
1 so in short - we got a great value .
1 the food and service was fantastic like always .
0 i 'm so glad i never have to see them again .
0 i was disappointed and disgusted .
0 we recently had dinner here as a party of _num_ .
1 love the product they produce as well as the friendliness .
1 nice people work here .
0 overall , it was a nightmare and i left with a horrible headache .
1 this place was absolutely delicious !
1 this place was absolutely delicious !
0 wo n't be going back to this location .
1 gucci this , gucci that !
0 i hate writing crappy reviews .
0 employees seem like they hate working here .
0 she honestly ruined my entire experience at this hotel .
0 the least expensive bottle of wine was the house wine at $ _num_ .
0 also their gel products are cheap .
1 i actually enjoyed it !
1 my family and i stopped here on a whim during our vacation .
0 the sushi chef had already closed up everything .
0 sat down with my boyfriend and a friend at the electronic roulette table .
0 interest varies but the principle price should not .
0 check-in was a disaster .
1 we will definitely be going back !
0 just trying to make you look at the stuff .
1 thanks for the excellent end to the vacation .
0 next , i leave the office .
1 service was very good as well .
1 and it is a prime location , too .
0 they have _num_ people at every entrance !
1 awesome job by all .
0 vegas has very little to choose from when it comes to mall shopping .
0 it was basically falling apart and most of the games were awful .
0 if they want repeat business at the hotel , they did n't show it .
1 the chef is spectacular !
1 holly mother of all that is awesome this place is great !
0 so i just decided to rent out a room at excalibur .
1 _num_ octane with an extra shot of _num_ all day !
1 the prices here are really reasonable too !
1 they also have games at the second floor where kids can stay at .
1 everything is so real feeling .
0 certainly not with all that grease .
0 i mean black and dirty on the cushions , arms and back .
1 eat light before you drink these !
1 even the bread they give you at the start is awesome .
0 also no apparent free parking anymore .
0 what a sad , tired , shit hole this place is .
1 it 's great fun for all ages .
0 also , waiting in line _num_ minutes for a cup of coffee seems excessive .
1 overall the best place for bagels and lox or rate pastrami sandwich .
0 no wonder it has only _num_ starts not surprised .
1 the staff is very polite and helpful .
0 nothing crazy that makes me want to stick around .
1 food was delicious including appetizers , entrees and margaritas .
1 this is vegas , they 're everywhere !
0 the seating areas are for customers . ''
0 bathroom was horrible and dingy looking .
0 the manger and owner guy stated it was my fault .
1 you will have a authentic local experience here .
1 the staff was friendly and helpful .
1 the food is always good .
1 though i feel like i could have flown all day , two was great !
0 i do n't even like walking through the casino .
0 when we were done our bill was $ _num_ for my husband and i .
1 they have a few package deals that are pretty good for the beginner .
0 i 'm super annoyed , hot and frustrated .
0 my husband , two friends and i went for their all you can eat .
1 definitely recommended to any nike lovers out there visiting vegas !
1 this made my day alot better .
0 vegas buffets are my favorite and this one was cheap yes , but delicious ?
1 the sangria was pretty good too !
0 if the following did not happen , _num_ stars .
1 i had my wedding reception here a few weeks ago .
1 had a great lunch today !
0 we will not be back .
0 would i like to complain ?
0 the management got so embarrassed off her actions she left the building .
0 on top of that the staff is horrible .
0 apparently you folks are not so consistent from location to location .
0 so there were partially raw onions in the mix .
0 avoid this store at all costs !
0 we stayed _num_ night in _num_ rooms in tower _num_ .
1 service was first rate .
0 he said it was to make up for my bad experience .
0 i spoke to the hostesses and they were very friendly .
0 i will never step foot there again .
0 for what its worse : they said car break ins happen regularly .
0 motel _num_ has wifi .
1 tapas and sangria ... yes please !
0 this show was so fake and so obvious about it .
0 worst experience ever coming to this doctor .
1 good food good drinks good service .
1 we had a really good experience .
0 they are the worst here !
1 the atmosphere is nice .
1 the decor was very clean and modern .
0 it 's crowded , dark , and festive .
1 definitely worth it , beats walking in the horrific heat .
1 i really loved the people .
1 super personable and great service !
1 casinos are too much fun !
0 im done with pep boys as is my boyfriend .
0 the clothing closet has no doors on it .
0 this was my 6th or 7th visit in _num_ years .
0 it is absolutely awful , it smells like stale cigarette smoke and must .
1 tenderloin was superb , as was the tuna .
1 the hotel is fine .
1 happy hour is amazing !
1 i would be very happy to visit here again .
0 i 've ordered here twice and both times the food was horrible .
1 i officially love this place !
0 it was clean , machines were plentiful and well-maintained .
0 there is a reason why they are never that busy .
0 became a time share owner about _num_ years ago , what a big mistake !
1 our servers were gracious and efficient .
0 the room service is only until _num_ p.m .
0 i paid _num_ bucks through the app to buy the room .
0 the scary part was entirely closed .
0 after waiting _num_ minutes .
1 great location without the overpriced rates .
1 a great bottle of cabernet .
1 circus circus is absolutely worth the price !
1 the pitchers of margaritas are generous .
1 this facility is pretty clean however the parking not so cool .
0 but they are not .
1 the food was really good too .
0 what happened , conditions have been getting worse here .
0 if i 'm at work , i can not answer your call .
0 there are more updated rooms that were available but appears for a little more .
1 the food is delicious and the prices are really reasonable .
1 really enjoyed the experience !
0 my travel companions were equally disappointed .
0 this is the review of the restaurant week _num_ prix fixe menu .
1 lots of seating and a good size parking lot .
1 each of these items is fantastic !
0 i ordered a beef and cheese sandwich , which was forgettable .
0 very bland & dreadful food .
1 those churros are the best churros i 've ever had .
0 they simply were n't very good .
0 they refused to replace it , even though it was making my kids sick .
0 and yet they did such a lousy job .
0 those beds are so hard it 's like sleeping on the ground !
0 not a good start .
1 we actually bought a whole bottle of cake vodka from the manager there .
0 on the upside , the blackjack dealers were great .
0 two trips to the front desk , and no results .
0 came back to the room to rest , and the tv does not work .
0 there is n't an employee at the game .
1 the halibut special was also delicious .
1 i got steak and veggies both were very good .
1 the white sangria was also delicious with lots of fresh fruit .
0 i choose not to go to this mall because of it 's boring stores .
0 the rooms here are dingy and outdated .
0 the jello shots contain zero alcohol .
0 the pictures for this hotel were very misleading .
1 very delicious meal and great serving size .
1 drinks are excellent too !
1 one of my favorite places to go in lv !
1 i went here a couple of years ago with a friend in town visiting .
0 so disgusting to live and sleep in a room that reeks of stale smoke .
0 steve is not a hairdresser , surely he ca n't be .
0 total times spent : _num_ minutes to pickup _num_ toys .
1 so play and have fun !
1 this hotel is such a great deal for its price .
1 felt great after that drink .
1 so id give it four stars .
1 i absolutely love firefly .
0 he told me that i overcooked it .
1 the best lamb chops ever .
0 the day before they cleaned our room , but not today .
0 the shower never completely stopped running during my entire visit .
1 amazing service , decor and italian pasta !
1 the menu is pretty decent , has a few options .
0 if you go , ask for a recently renovated room if there is one .
0 from the moment we walked in the front door , i was terrified .
1 the service was attentive and friendly .
1 the dishes were very well seasoned and in good portions .
1 loved it definitely will go again soon !
0 now i get home check my receipt and nothing was refunded .
1 good food and a great price !
1 loved the fajitas , shrimp burrito and the tacos .
1 and classic chopped salad .
0 it can get packed and that carnival thing outside is loud !
0 the server only brought after we asked for it .
1 the service was impeccable .
1 it was all very good .
0 i 'm not sure why i 've tried these guys more than once .
1 and the lady serving us was so nice .
1 definitely worth trying if you 're visiting the area .
1 what a wonderful restaurant .
1 they make a pretty good mojito .
0 overall , the hotel is not that great and the service is poor .
1 but the food was really good !
1 dave was our guy and he was super nice and funny .
0 so hopefully you find your things before you return home .
0 next thing we know , our door room is open .
1 the ambiance was delightful and the service was excellent .
1 all the dishes were very flavorful !
1 the staff is super helpful and all the food and drinks are amazing .
1 chef eric came out and spoke with us and checked on us between courses .
0 there was no sign saying there was a safe in the room .
1 she is so knowledgeable in her profession and has a great bubbly personality .
0 there was no wifi and there was n't a channel guide for the tv .
1 the line is really long but for a really good reason .
0 its so annoying they will talk forever even after you say no .
1 also this place has an adventure dome which you can go on amusement rides .
1 been telling friends & family for years about this fun place !
0 stayed here in october _num_ with my best friend for her birthday .
0 so call them they ca n't do nothing until the next day .
1 this place makes me happy .
0 such a nasty attitude .
1 this place is a lot of fun !
1 the manager and ben were so fun !
1 thank you for such an absolutely amazing job !
1 love love the food here !
0 however , the fact that i no longer accept free rooms here says something .
0 the chicken philly was over priced and under seasoned .
0 though they are mostly friendly , this is just silly .
0 i swear to god , i tried almost every .
0 i didnt see anything that was gross or dirty .
1 extremely reasonable prices and great options .
0 she did n't listen very well.
1 we always brought friends and family here when they came to visit !
0 check out early because did not feels safe in the hotel another day .
1 my first time meeting someone famous ... well , sorta .
0 did not utilize fitness or spa .
1 great price , yummy drinks ... awesome test tube shots sticking out !
1 will definitely stay there again .
1 both were excellent in service and quality .
1 they were very nice and i would highly recommend .
0 they have the worst customer service i have ever seen .
1 overall : spago offers a great lunch and is definitely worth visiting .
0 the better tapas were completely forgettable , the rest were actually bad .
0 not new tires i have a new car .
0 worst apartment complex and management i 've ever dealt with .
0 the lady was just rude .
0 the sink was clogged even after maintenance worked on it for _num_ minutes .
1 but i must compliment them on their service .
0 i hotel hopped several hotels and this was low on the list .
0 the quality of fish really suffered .
0 i 'm thinking omg this is discussing .
0 needs renovations ... i definitely will not pay to stay here .
1 this place is great clean beds and all different kinds !
1 the desserts here are amazing and the service was n't bad .
1 great drinks , ambiance , and the food is outstanding !
0 and whatever does , i do n't want to know .
0 i went to a time share presentation here just for the gifts .
1 they are all professional .
1 *the music and service was above average .
0 it was burned very bad on the bottom , very weird and gross .
1 checkin was quick and easy , the attendant was nice !
0 anywho , the rating is just for the entire first experience .
1 i loved the bacon wrapped dates and the caramel flan the best !
1 this is one of the best ( somewhat ) hidden gems in las vegas .
1 our server randy was great .
0 i do n't know why this location makes things so difficult .
0 our server was hostile .
1 it is an expensive restaurant , but it is worth what it costs !
1 this is one of the best pizza in town .
1 i recommend coming here for happy hour !
1 guess i 'm easily impressed !
0 but with all the great restaurants in vegas there are better options .
0 lastly the restaurant was noisy .
0 it was all overcooked and brown .
1 a great restaurant for old school food , decor and service .
0 for some reason , they shredded the scallops .
0 the door locks need serious maintenance .
0 i 've had hot pockets that tasted better .
0 ca n't believe they are charging parking now .
0 pretty bad experience with this hotel .
0 they could n't be bothered to fake a smile !
1 the staff is extremely friendly .
0 they 're borderline disrespectful on this .
0 also free towels and _num_ grills if you want to cook .
0 extremely disappointed in this hotel at every turn .
0 also , the shower in our room was broken .
1 great food , friendly people .
1 this place is wonderful !
1 they have excellent red and white sangria and tapas .
0 really poor compared to the place around the corner but the same price .
0 the casino was subpar and reeked of stale smoke .
1 i especially liked their cranberry walnut bread .
1 they have an extensive menu with a lot of great choices .
1 she was quick , efficient and very friendly .
1 my new favorite game is let it ride with the _num_ card bonus .
0 the manager says , `` well , have you already eaten ?
1 good stuff if you are trying to shake that hangover .
0 everytime someone goes to the bathroom or shower ... ... .
0 i work at the mall also , so i know customer service is priority .
1 new york style bagels .
0 i guess our waitress sucked ass , big time .
0 i was disappointed that there were n't more wax figures .
1 this is a great place for lunch .
0 $ _num_ a night with resort fee .
0 but that is not the biggest problem .
0 the mahi we ordered was okay but so dry it was inedible .
1 its loud , dark and sexy .
0 this bartender really had a bad vibe .
0 never got refills on our drinks , so we sat there with empty glasses .
1 really great for families too .
1 the mushroom pizza is amazing .
0 the chardonnay for the appetizer was light and yummy .
1 not my favorite restaurant in vegas , my favorite restaurant period !
1 the staff were truly amazing !
0 and i got almost zero reception for my cell phone .
0 this place has gone downhill .
1 the food is awesome , and so are the drinks .
1 you can even add one extra shot of alcohol for only $ _num_ !
1 employees are super friendly and responsive .
0 after leaving i thought i could not come back to stay here unless free .
0 have any of you actually had a stromboli before ?
0 waited _num_ min for a shoe size .
1 the instructor was awesome and so great with everyone .
0 then my room was n't ready for another two hours .
0 plus the eggs had runny whites and i ordered them over med .
1 great guac too : ) ) .
1 great service , friendly owner 's and a nice clean laundromat .
0 bad food , bad service , bad location .
0 too tough and fatty .
1 makes it very convenient !
1 fresh veggies , meats and sauce all nearly perfectly balanced .
0 no crowd , little wait , quick service .
0 i hate coming here .
0 one bowl of soup from their food court was $ _num_ .
0 this hotel is no place for a good family .
0 the decor is very outdated and dingy , they need a whole update !
0 however , i wo n't be back .
1 the tres leches was a great way to end a fantastic meal .
1 the food was great and the place has a nice atmosphere .
0 what the hell is that .
0 if you are looking for fast friendly efficient service , look elsewhere .
1 the food is fantastic !
0 to be honest , the prices are n't even that great .
0 it was the worst mistake ever ... .
0 should 've gone zero .
0 staff : not helpful and not friendly .
0 worst customers service ever .
0 poor explanation of sushi and ice cream .
1 this place has delish tapas !
1 worth a second run .
1 please sir , can i have some more ?
1 the food is delicious , but the portions are tight .
1 so nice of you to offer !
0 i stayed here last week for _num_ nights and quite frankly it sucked .
0 _num_ minutes passed buy _num_ more employees did the same thing .
0 they want your money .
0 a half hour later , no one had come .
0 let me tell you that it 's not worth the trouble .
1 great fun , & great food .
0 so i made it a point to stop by .
1 always crowded , but so fun .
1 service was prompt , friendly and helpful .
1 thank you once again for making my family spring break getaway a success !
1 they also have some great comedy shows .
0 this place is the complete opposite .
1 sangria , tapas , paella !
0 pool closes before _num_ pm .
0 not to mention the best rooms !
1 their firecracker shrimp and shrimp & lobster quesadillas are amazing !
1 we were very happy with the staff there .
0 i have left several messages but have not been called back .
1 i 'm never seen such a fine variety of the high-end athletic gear .
0 not off to a great start .
0 it all came together , we were robbed in our own hotel room .
0 if not , they need a new one .
0 the people at the front desk are rude and incompetent .
0 at this price point , the luxor is a much better deal .
1 he 's also really nice .
1 our instructor did a wonderful job and was patient .
1 i love harrah 's !
1 the rooms are clean and the staff is very friendly .
1 i highly recommend this location !
1 everything we had was good , but a bit heavy though .
0 i believe they have a yelp checkin discount which probably gave them more stars .
1 it 's a clean , efficient source of transportation .
1 see my last review , every bit of it still holds but one update .
1 excellent meal and service .
0 i booked a room at the excalibur for my friends and me .
0 she needs a reality check and a slice of humble pie .
1 a fine , and classy way to end dinner .
0 carpets in the hallways were completely dirty and stained .
0 i booked a reservation online for $ _num_ ( december _num_ ) .
0 the line is annoying to pass on the way to real bars .
1 i would highly recommend this place to anyone .
0 i just happened to get it the worst !
1 smaller and bigger sizes are vary too .
0 he was excited , thinking that we were staying in a castle .
1 christine always does my nails and she 's a perfectionist .
1 everything was enjoyable and had much flavor .
0 this is not sushi .
1 my wife loved the chicken fajitas .
1 the service was exceptional and we will come back on our next trip .
0 people all up in bins digging for stuff they do n't really need .
0 two drinks in a confusing fashion were delivered .
1 my meatloaf was delicious .
0 entering the non smoking room , it smelled like smoke .
1 lindsey did an excellent job .
0 i dont think i ask for anything too much .
1 this store offers a nice selection of very elegant and cute clothing .
1 comfortable beds , and lots of room for you to get ready .
0 the buffet is just o.k .
1 highly recommended for your trip to vegas .
1 overall , good value for the price .
0 been here for half an hour and already pissed off .
0 i could not remove it myself , so i asked for help .
1 this is a great resource .
1 the food is excellent , place is very nice and staff was very good .
0 never again will i step foot in this ridiculous place .
1 the shrimp linguine was delicious , and my sister said her fish was too .
0 too expensive i asked ?
1 server frank was terrific .
1 have always received exceptional service .
1 ok , we love it !
1 enjoyed beef tartare and filet enter .
0 i am not even kidding .
0 the whole hotel smelled awful .
0 guess that 's partially my fault .
1 seriously the fastest er visit and best overnight hospital stay !
1 the er staff very friendly and helpful .
0 the casino was pretty good and you could get drinks without waiting too long .
1 he was informative , kind , and attentive .
0 i am totally unsatisfied with this store .
0 i am totally unsatisfied with this store .
1 food and service was great !
1 the service & food are always prepared to perfection .
1 she is far and away the best thing about this property .
1 hopefully our paths will cross again elsewhere .
1 the service was unmatched - just perfect .
0 but i really just wanted the biscuits and lobster nachos .
0 during my stay here i 've been quite disappointed .
0 valet : cordial , but did not look clean .
0 not to mention the two guys working were miserable .
1 the stuffed dates are really good !
1 very clean and comfortable with a beautiful view of some of the strip .
1 we got a personalized trip catered to our needs .
1 old school vegas that has incredible bagels .
0 not a great location , rooms are small and guaranteed to smell bad .
0 they also can use a better bbq sauce for it .
1 my family and i will definitely be returning to this restaurant in the future .
1 i tried a piece of their pizza which was excellent as well .
1 delicious food , excellent service , prices were reasonable and portions were excellent .
1 came here this past weekend and stayed at harrahs .
0 the furniture and look of the rooms are very outdated .
1 so far , this place is awesome !
0 $ _num_ to have two pairs of dress pants taken in .
1 the prices are a bit high , but the food is worth the price .
0 our waiter was not pleased to have our table of _num_ .
1 awesome service at dinner .
0 unfortunately , he was worse than her .
1 great care again in both the er and pediatric ward .
0 i got the bacon and swiss cheese steak .
1 all entrees were delicious especially the mongolian beef .
1 the sangria and mojitos were awesome as well !
0 but they sure ask a lot of money for the view .
0 the sushi rice tasted very sour like it was a few days old .
0 we were put in tower one which is the worst .
0 i gave this hotel _num_ stars .
1 the best italian food !
0 it took another _num_ minutes for me to find someone to pay the bill .
0 oops , i forgot , airlines no longer serve food .
0 the manager did n't want to work with my daughter and i .
1 the environment is so awesome and this place is so much fun .
0 i stayed on saturday june 4th .
0 really , it should get _num_ 1/4 stars .
1 our table had an assortment of food and all was great .
0 a waste of my time .
1 would recommend for a nice mexican food night out !
0 i did not like how the pictures came out at all .
1 but overall very caring and competent .
0 did n't touch the rear tire or front grill .
1 the staff is always friendly and there is plenty of seating .
1 i took a chance and it paid off , my bouquet was gorgeous .
1 flavor is way above average .
1 ron is a really honest and professional auto repair specialist .
1 fantastically priced and portioned .
0 imo , this location is n't so great .
1 this place is a classic , and the food is excellent .
0 but like the boulevard mall , the years have not been kind to it .
1 the staff are friendly , nice and helpful .
0 i was so frustrated with this hotel and casino .
1 the atmosphere was cool and very red , and the food was delicious !
1 this place has delicious tapas .
1 amazing place for kids and adults !
1 the mani itself was really good quality as well .
0 sure , it 's cheap .
1 love to shop at this place , great customer service and quality stuff !
0 if you see this review , never eat at this horrible place .
1 it was great years ago and still is .
1 for that alone i love this place .
0 while broke in college , this was the cheapest hotel we could get .
0 spent over $ _num_ a night on the room , not worth it .
0 other than that , the rooms are ok , but no fridge !
0 i have made a point to avoid this place since .
0 he was rude to my mother at check out .
1 if you want a good experience and great prices go here .
0 does n't deserve a star at all !
0 i took _num_ bites and threw it away .
0 when the bell boy arrived he was in a bad mood .
0 the room showed online is not the room you 'll get .
1 i 'm here for a couple weeks for work and they have been great .
0 first off it was advertised with free internet , not .
0 no hot water the first night , said they were working on it .
0 having said that , i would not visit this restaurant again .
1 really good prices and the employees were very helpful and friendly .
1 _num_ chicken cheese chorizo mushrooms were amazing as well .
1 awesome food , excellent customer service .
1 had an awesome time for a decent price .
0 the food they do offer is very bland , and simply below average .
1 yum and strong at the same time .
1 one of the best bday dinners ever !
1 so happy with my experience here .
1 this is a gem in the venetian .
1 wolfgang 's restaraunt is great !
1 celebrity treatment and phenomenal skills will not leave you disappointed .
1 really enjoy coming here for breakfast !
0 this place sucks and it 's unfortunate when guests have no choice really .
0 they will give you excuses any chance they get .
1 the casino also rocks .
0 do they have to have a price fixed menu too ? ''
0 after that long of a wait i was n't sending it back .
1 spago has really unique and delicious appetizers .
1 we have always liked it and found really nice stay for us .
0 it did not live up to the hype and expectations .
0 i dont recommend this place plus the service is horrible .
1 sister had the habanero wings and the jerk shrimp , very good !
1 sunrise takes great care of our family !
1 fortunately , everything turned out really well .
0 it 's like they might as well not even exist .
0 only two locations remain they are in new mexico and washington .
1 my son and i absolutely loved him !
1 i ordered everything by phone and the lady who helped me was wonderful .
1 i absolutely love fat tuesday !
0 this place is soooo off and on to me .
1 the pork carnitas burrito is excellent .
0 i 'm will definitely not be spending my money here , ever again .
0 i did n't want to put him through that again on another day .
1 probably my new favorite store of this kind .
0 i hated this place the whole time i was here .
1 we got super lucky and got james as our waiter again !
1 their chopped vegetable salad is amazing .
1 very fresh and unique ingredients .
0 then the next thing you know , they called the security over .
0 then the next thing you know , they called the security over .
0 _num_ hours has passed and still no call .
1 had the best meatloaf of my life at this place .
0 the ac worked but it was old and made a lot of noise .
1 great place to go w friends for drinks and quality food .
1 the wait staff was excellent and attentive with great knowledge of the menu .
1 what a great time .
0 he then walked around for the next _num_ hours by himself .
1 he was helpful , amusing , and very thorough in his training .
0 the lack of flavor made me wish i had kept going .
0 serious gives me an instant headache .
0 our first night there was absolutely terrible .
0 they do n't even have a coffee maker .
0 so i just decide to take them .
0 now the taste was n't great , the avocado does n't taste fresh .
1 brett was our instructor and he made our entire experience awesome !
1 the best coconut shrimp wish the had one in ca .
0 worse than that , they were still there when i checked out .
0 we left and went to starbucks , where the counter woman was delightful !
1 it was a spring break weekend and the place was packed .
0 did not know i would be staying at a time share .
1 shrimp ceviche / tuna tartare were also very good .
0 this is a horrible run business .
0 a polite no with an explanation why would suffice .
1 great rates on a low budget makes this hotel a perfect pick !
1 had a great stay at the hotel .
1 we will be coming back for that great guest service !
0 many people do not know that harrah 's used to be a holiday inn .
0 problem _num_ , risk management .
1 if you are ever in need of an obgyn , this is the place !
1 came here last year and todd and john were spectacular .
1 when in vegas , check it out !
0 yeah , this place just does n't seem very clean to me .
1 our waiter was great - extremely attentive .
1 for a decent price , i got fairly buzzed off the margaritas .
1 always a must when we come to vegas from la .
0 amazingly , no one bothered us .
1 they prepare their food with love .
0 the smell is that of a _num_ year old ash tray .
0 when we got there , it was empty .
0 this was incredibly annoying .
1 they are honest , helpful , fast , and reasonably priced .
1 we had a great time !
0 false advertising and i was extremely disappointed .
0 i tried the $ _num_ trick and it did not work !
1 i had a chorizo dip that was wonderful and light .
0 just avoid this location if you can .
0 i would not recommend this place to anyone .
0 sadly , excalibur scores _num_ for _num_ on this measure .
1 right near the center of the strip with its own monorail stop .
0 very very disappointing to say the least .
0 the whole room was pretty dirty especially the whole bathroom .
0 not enough for us to be back though .
1 best wig store ever .
0 the manager could not handle the situation .
0 they charge _num_ % for parties of _num_ or more , dinner is _num_ .
1 but , since i was there for work i really enjoyed this hotel .
1 the selection is fresh , healthy and creative .
1 mexican food with a twist .
1 okay ... all i have to say is that i got special treatment .
1 the guac is delicious and i reccomend the carnitas and carne asada .
1 _num_ of us in our group and everyone was delighted !
1 good food and good service .
1 this is my favorite restaurant in vegas !
0 this is not what i call sushi .
1 i love going to vegas !
0 this experience , however , was not .
0 not to mention , the chocolate sauce was n't rich enough .
0 after traveling for _num_ hours , this was not music to our ears .
1 fantastic customer service and excellent attention to details .
0 its like a motel _num_ on top of a casino .
1 fantastic food , very reasonably priced .
1 simply amazing from service to plate .
0 none of the other casino 's seemed to have this problem .
0 the hotel has not internet .
0 calling at all times of the day , on every day of the week .
1 my pasta bolognese was super tasty .
0 either that 's not true or they upgraded with cheap material .
1 great for families to be .
1 found the food to be quite good , the service fast and accommodating .
1 once again , it was huge & really good ; highly recommend !
0 unfortunately , our stay did not end on a pleasant note .
1 the breakfast has waffles , eggs , potatoes , juices , yogurt , etc .
1 service was excellent , and great people watching !
0 soooo not coming back !
0 the bed was ok for me , but uncomfortable for my wife .
1 good place to spend some extra cash .
0 but it 's a sad , tired , shit hole nevertheless .
0 wo n't be going back , which is a shame .
1 everything is really nice and updated and picture perfect albeit a little small .
1 great place in vegas to grab a quick tan !
0 god only knows what kind of fluids left those stains !
1 this one was a pleasant surprise .
1 what a great place !
1 i would highly recommend staying here !
0 then , they hire a bunch of security guards to guide traffic .
1 and the selection of gear and shoes is good .
1 my whole family rocks nike , and nike town is where we go .
0 it was so dry and did not have any flavor at all .
0 the dealers we had were just awful , we were at the blackjack table .
0 i 'm from chicago and we use real cheese !
0 this place used to be one of my favorite malls .
1 it 's a very popular spot for the locals .
0 paying guests should have a place to park , no matter what .
0 but it was still a little uncomfortable and we felt rushed .
1 i really enjoy this place .
1 wonderful service and a fun experience .
1 i enjoy people who take their job seriously .
1 its a fun spot !
0 do n't stay here .
0 today i was disappointed to the server .
1 the folks here were really nice and knowledgeable .
0 horrible is an understatement !
0 last , and certainly not least , they lack wifi .
1 my pastrami rueben was fantastic .
1 , the tuna tartare was amazing !
1 the driver was very friendly and able to discuss guns at length .
0 security never smiles and it seems like everyone is drunk .
0 we get on the shuttle only to find it charges _num_ a head .
0 sorry guys but after this our accounts will be canceled .
0 i understand that it was cheap and old but it was absolutely disgusting .
1 retro menu and prices to match .
1 one of my favorites in vegas .
0 it took over _num_ hours to fix my car .
1 probably the most fun thing i 've done since moving here .
0 room _num_ : rude front desk managers .
0 i 'm not gon na even waste my time with them anymore .
0 hotel gets very crowded and there is not much walking space .
1 much better than the other places i hit up for lunch .
0 this place is a landmark of vegas but it needs some major improvements .
0 there was no bed bugs and the bathroom was big .
1 the room was well stocked , clean , and came with complementary wifi .
0 the carpets are dirty and grimy and the `` stores '' are lacking .
1 great photos and all around phenomenal place !
1 thankfully it 's only noon and i got my hubby by my side !
1 will definitely be going back .
1 a memorable experience that will surely last a lifetime .
0 the rooms are small and the walls are sooooooo thin .
1 i highly recommend the beef rib .
0 they did n't want to serve us and made it very clear .
1 i was n't expecting much from ratings , but i was quite surprised .
0 i will update this review if i ever get an appointment .
1 the price the quality of the food and everything else is just terrific .
1 my food was good and the service was very good .
1 i recommend it for sure !
0 your housekeeping staff simply forgot us .
1 we will definitely be coming back !
1 but i still come here pretty often .
1 i 'm so glad i found this starbucks .
1 friendly staff and quick turnover at the lines .
0 wo n't be going back anytime soon .
1 i stopped in with some friends , and we are an odd group .
1 the location is perfect !
0 however nobody informed my parents .
0 he was very rude and even said `` welcome to big business ! ''
0 they 're much nicer over there plus they care about how their store looks .
1 the bacon wrapped dates are awesome !
1 the ladies there a spectacular !
1 great place- food was excellent , for the most part .
0 worst buffet i 've ever eaten at .
0 nobody is responsible and you just leave guests hanging ?
0 booked this hotel for a business event -- meeting room and several guest rooms .
0 we got no help and no assistance from management .
0 first off : i hate car buying .
0 it was like a canned tomato with some sweetness .
1 will definitely be going there again !
0 the bathroom could sure use a makeover , but was clean enough .
0 ok excalibur is n't a great hotel .
0 the shrimp were also extremely small and appeared to be slimy and undercooked .
1 sangria ( we had the red ) was good , but not outstanding .
0 did n't get that , got ground beef instead .
1 spago is one of the best reasonably priced restaurants in las vegas .
0 thanks but free drinks are already provided when i gamble .
0 the hotel as a whole is dated .
1 i liked the very contemporary decor .
0 two visits ago , just after new year 's i was disappointed .
1 something you `` have '' to get when your in vegas !
0 one being that the toilet was making a lot of noise .
0 charging _num_ is bullshit too .
1 the food was quick and fantastic !
1 they are so friendly and really care .
1 they were both great .
1 drinks and service always deliver !
0 if we could 've gotten a room elsewhere we would have .
1 they 're so ridiculously good .
1 big fan of this place !
1 sounds like this place gets pretty packed .
0 not only that , they have horrible customer service !
0 this place does not deserve any stars .
1 everything on the menu is delicious !
0 come one , this is _num_ !
1 he is the best !
0 i feel i have to say about my terrible experience in alize .
1 it hit the spot that was for sure .
1 either way , i enjoyed this venue because of our amazing waiter .
1 of course their pizzas are great as well !
0 but the employees were so unprofessional and unsafe .
0 the bacon does n't have any taste .
0 the next strike was the deal breaker .
0 no security camera on the hallways .
0 no security camera on the hallways .
0 they will not honor warranty .
1 best meal i 've had so far on this trip !
0 it was kind of gross .
0 i do not know what is wrong with them .
1 very enjoyable and the service was excellent .
0 i was there for a convention , not gambling .
1 service was excellent too .
0 i requested _num_ attached rooms for my party .
0 i 've had a better sleep in holiday inn .
0 not too bad but what i did see dirty was gross .
1 lettuce wraps are great .
0 this one , however , not so much .
1 i will definitely be back .
1 i will definitely be back .
1 i will definitely be back .
0 our particular room was very dark even with all the lights turned on .
0 the dessert was good , but not amazing .
0 i ordered the beef carpaccio and chicken with the sauce on the side .
1 delicious chopped salad and margherita pizza .
0 rude , disrespectful , and way too much attitude .
0 it was awful for a supposed upscale joint .
1 this place off the strip really nails it !
1 they made my vision come completely true !
1 this is my favorite restaurant in vegas .
0 extremely rude and very unhelpful .
0 i 've had cheesesteaks in philly several times and this does not compare .
0 the only area that has wifi is the conference rooms .
0 worst experience in vegas ever .
0 now back to the dirty dining situation this place could use some love .
0 i did n't sit in it or set my luggage on it .
1 the food was excellent and the portions were quite big .
0 _num_ $ in savings but nothing 's worth getting .
0 based on that along , i will never stay here again .
1 food was delicious and ambiance sophisticated .
0 i let it go thinking the smell would go away after a while .
0 harrah 's said , `` no prob . ''
1 i even feel comfortable using it alone .
0 me , i think harrah 's sucks .
1 i came here with my date and spago lived up to expectations .
1 would recommend this to families with young children .
1 always excellent service and good food at a reasonable price .
1 it smells delicious ! ''
0 i did n't finish my food .
1 a very good hotel with clean rooms above _num_ star i should rate .
1 so many yummy flavors , good god !
1 they also serve nice yummy mojitos by the pitcher .
1 good coffee and my breakfast burrito was great .
1 lets start with the sangria .
0 do not go here thinking you 're getting a great dinner .
1 definitely coming back next time we 're in town !
1 the food was all very fresh and tasted great .
0 it was just horrible .
0 the shower head sprayed all over the ceiling and walls .
0 i was there with another male friend and we are not sharing a bed .
1 definitely one of the highlights of my trip to vegas .
1 also , the outdoor venue is so fun .
0 you ca n't find a cheaper place around to practice at .
0 laughing , the server pointed to the empty lobster tank .
1 i will return next time in vegas .
0 if you love sushi then you know it is not cheap .
1 what a great find on our recent trip to vegas .
1 everything that we ate was absolutely delicious and seasoned well !
0 people this is _num_ what are you thinking off ?
1 one of my top ten restaurants of all , hands-down .
1 our waiter jerry was awesome !
1 i just love this place for lunch !
0 i was not a fan of the dingy vibe just walking in here .
0 overall : the rooms were fine but the customer service was appalling .
0 and as for the arcade a lot of the games were not working .
1 great food great drinks and good service .
0 they use a mechanical car washer and dry your car by hand .
1 it is the best thing i have ever drank .
0 please do n't make the same mistake i did and waste your time here .
0 no excuse for this .
1 bring your own ammo .
0 these employees are complete morons .
0 as soon as the elevators opened , the smell was overwhelming .
1 wow , i really needed this meal .
1 the salmon was amazing .
0 toilet did n't flush properly .
0 when we addressed it they said it was okay and proceeded on talking shit .
0 the absolute and worst customer service i have ever received in my entire life .
0 some negatives ... you can call ahead to request your car from valet .
0 paris and all the other related hotels was booked .
0 i stayed here and hated it .
0 i have more to say but i just do n't feel like it .
1 pizza was wood fire and amazing .
1 a delight to work with .
0 very rundown hotel room .
0 maybe the cook had a bad night .
0 i was very disappointed with this property .
1 cooked to a perfect med rare .
1 its also a fun place to gamble slots seem pretty loose .
0 then after i fed my kids the crap they gave me .
0 these cheesesteaks are no longer the ( pop ) pride of philly .
1 finally found one here .
0 i just used my iphone !
1 also there drinks are so good and happy hour is from 9pm to close !
1 just got home from vacation .
0 i did n't expect the ritz , but this place is just plain nasty .
0 the bathroom was extremely spacious and we were given plenty of towels .
0 the room felt like a motel rather than a hotel .
0 not until our recent trip to vegas that we will never go back again .
1 the smooth & creamy gelato is an absolute delight !
0 what happens in vegas does not stay there .
0 i dont want to give them even one star .
0 plain and simple , the lobby in here has seen better days !
1 the food was spectacular and the service was above average .
0 the sushi rice was too sweet .
0 the quality of furniture is very low end .
0 the veal was overcooked and drowned in sauce .
1 it was delicious and had huge chunks of fresh salmon in the spread .
0 it was n't the best looking hotel .
1 tips : perfect spot for groups ( there 's something for everyone ) .
1 this is a great store to look for clothing for any occasion .
1 i highly recommend it !
1 i highly recommend it !
1 this place is definitely one of the best local favorites in vegas .
1 some traditional tapas , some relatively unique .
0 i asked for the name , and i could not have it .
1 bacon almond dates are amazing .
0 we walked in and everything we knew was gone .
0 the smell of the lobby is pretty bad .
0 worst hotel experience of my life !
0 never seen such a horribly designed parking structure at a convention center .
1 she had fun and enjoyed the food .
0 this place just really needs an overhaul to bring it up to speed .
0 however , service is lacking .
0 as much as i come to this denny 's , i hate this location .
0 it 's definitely cheap to stay here , but why would you want to ?
0 but ... and it 's a big one - the room sucked .
0 he comes back sometime later with the same dish with the same chicken cooked .
0 places like this should not be running .
0 when i first walked in , everyone was friendly enough .
1 thank you for great service !
1 my seabass was moist and buttery , just how i like it .
1 the ice cream is pretty pricy as well .
1 the food was pretty good and the dishes were very unique .
1 she is talented beyond belief .
1 it was good and fresh .
1 definitely some good peruvian food .
0 placed a order for wings french fries and fried green beans .
1 oh and they have a great selection of drinks as well .
1 what a super afternoon all of us had .
0 who the hell voted for this place ?
0 they must have pretty low standards !
0 maybe there 's a food shortage in vegas .
0 i am seriously so grossed out , i ca n't even fall asleep .
0 the location is fantastic for visiting the strip .
1 my idea of the perfect address .
0 the hallways seem to be a little newer than the rooms .
1 : ) it made for a really great food memory .
0 instead of helping the situation , she wanted to get rid of me quickly .
0 sorry larry , your employee just pissed off a valuable customer .
0 i 'm not a fan of this casino or their rooms .
0 it flat out sucks here .
1 also some very awesome shoes , coach is definitely on the up and up !
1 everything here is so delicious !
1 great prices compared to some of the places in hotel pool areas .
0 i do n't care about the fee i care because he lied to us .
1 fabulous italian food , and wonderful old vegas ambience .
1 good mix of flavors but i would avoid the calamari .
0 vacation time is precious and excalibur does not get out !
0 but no , more lies and excuses .
1 definitely worth a stop next time in vegas !
1 the food here is excellent .
0 unfriendly clerk at counters .
0 no i didnt mean no wifi , i mean no internet !
1 you guys are awesome !
0 however , i do believe i 've tasted much better tapas before .
1 this place is still really okay .
0 the swimming pool was down right scary .
1 pillows were comfortable and the covers were nice and warm .
0 i 'm gon na say that i 'll probably not stay here again .
0 room was $ _num_ weeknight , $ _num_ weekend .
0 they should have paid me to stay here .
1 i dare you name a place in vegas that comes anywhere close .
1 he 's the sexy bartender there .
0 do not go to pop 's cheese steak resturant .
0 prices were fair ( most games $ _num_ ) .
0 which any other bank takes to cash one of there own checks .
1 our server josh was superb , full of fun and knowledge about the menu .
1 and their lox cream cheese spread is awesome !
0 mark our waiter was the worst i have ever had in vegas .
1 ask for oscar , he is so sweet and knowledgeable !
0 ordered a large pep pizza , chicken tenders , and chilli fries .
0 food was bland and service was not the greatest .
0 there were no cabs outside .
0 this is the worst place i have ever had my hair done !
0 $ _num_ a pound .
1 i will probably stay here again if the price is right next time .
1 i also had their veal parmesan which was rich and super tasty !
0 a full dollar more than the already overpriced menu ?
0 almost $ _num_ for eggs , bland potatoes and sausage links .
0 too bad you ca n't get drunk off their stingy well drinks .
0 night time , it looks better , but then everything looks better at night .
0 but no those prices do n't matter !
1 great ambiance and drinks .
1 anyways thank you all and keep up the good work .
0 at best , everyone 's dish was mediocre .
1 great service and such a good deal for happy hour !
0 the fish was greasy and breading had no seasoning .
0 so why the _num_ ?
1 i will definitely be visiting this shop again !
0 one of the all time worst meals i 've ever had .
0 anyway , fish was ok.
1 the roasted mussels were very good indeed .
1 this is a great , relaxing restaurant -- you must eat there !
0 he said he just needed to use drain cleaner and everything was fine .
0 did i mention the service was atrocious ?
1 they sincerely apologized and refunded us about the situation we had to go through .
0 the stay itself was alright .
0 i way it could be cleaned .
1 just thought i would give a good review where it deserved .
0 just okay : room , service , pool , prices .
1 great service and on-time .
1 as a regular customer at discount firearms , i would highly recommend this store .
1 its a lot of fun not only for kids but adults as well .
1 the food was delicious and served in very generous amounts .
0 must have been a bad day ?
0 the only thing this place has going for it is the view .
0 friendly service but the wait for the food is out of this world .
0 unfortunately there is little choice in the desert , which i also hate .
1 very romantic and elegant .
1 we went here for the 2nd time last night and everything was great !
0 it became unbearable to simply walk in and out of the hotel !
0 not a normal amount like you would in a normal soy sauce dipping tray .
0 complete waste of my money .
1 the new bathrooms were bigger and clean , food was excellent .
1 excellent margaritas and awesome sangria .
0 then they asked me to pull into the first bay again .
0 too bad that this place was n't that great .
0 if i could rate this place _num_ stars i would !
0 they also charge over $ _num_ per day for a resort fee .
0 if you want excitement , take $ _num_ and go to las vegas .
1 nice location , conveniently on the strip .
0 do n't stay here !
1 terrific sangria and a massive selection of tapas that includes some real winners .
1 i had the short rib and it was very good .
1 according to one member of our party , the mojito was amazing .
1 salads , pizza and pasta are all good .
1 great service and fast cooks !
1 both were fresh and tasty .
1 highly recommend for families .
0 do n't come here if you want to stay because of the service .
1 this place only has one pool but it was a good one .
1 staff was great as well .
1 the next night we ordered sweet and sour chicken and it was soooo good !
0 do n't waste your money !
1 loved the test tube !
0 but still ... there are way better malls here in vegas .
0 what kind of hotel does not have wifi ?
1 it 's short and sweet !
0 they did n't try n even help .
1 my favorite restaurant of all time .
1 has a great time !
1 more proof that you can wrap most anything in bacon !
0 i told them several times that the problem is something other than the bulb .
0 we wo n't be returning .
0 we wo n't be returning .
1 this place has won awards , had to try it .
1 we also eat here on our way out of vegas .
1 awesome food , that 's all i have to say .
0 though check in is a mile long , the casino floor is surprisingly empty .
1 the staff here knows their stuff and are very professional .
1 best bagels in town .
1 the staff is friendly and truly dedicated to their customers .
1 keep in mind we had a car .
0 the lady i had was not very professional at all .
1 the restaurants that i recommend are vince neal 's and the buffet .
0 thrown in the towel ?
0 anyway , the rooms are the pretty standard low budget hotel rooms in vegas .
0 horrible turnover from one server to the next .
1 wine list is grand , and the service was outstanding !
0 car was n't that clean .
1 the ambiance and vibe just add to everything .
0 not particularly flavorful or delicious .
0 the labor per hour rate was $ _num_ !
1 the service are great as well .
0 zero stars would be too generous for this crap hole .
0 make sure you triple check your home before you purchase your home through them .
1 always fresh , always delicious !
0 very disappointed very annoyed very frustrated .
0 it was paper thin and did n't offer any warmth or comfort .
0 you ca n't just blame excalibur .
0 our room was looking at a wall and trash exit of some restaurant .
0 times have changed , but excalibur remains stuck in the middle ages .
0 would never ever return to stay .
1 it was our anniversary & we went here with a big group of friends .
1 best bagels and breakfast in town .
0 we ordered a `` popcorn lobster '' roll ...
1 this meal , was just amazing .
1 a short distance off the strip but well worth it .
0 this hotel smells ... ew i would never stay here .
1 the best thing about this hotel is the location .
1 i absolutely loved madame tussauds !
1 thanks also for the smooth move in .
0 paying hotel rates for a pull out couch was like visiting the parents .
0 house keeping did not come once in _num_ days .
0 torn wallpaper and mold are your most common decor .
1 the food is delicious .
1 the food is delicious .
1 the food is delicious .
1 the food is delicious .
0 stayed here during my first time in vegas .
0 i know , in vegas , people smoke .
0 i know , in vegas , people smoke .
0 just another way for the hotels to take your dollars away .
1 room was clean and perfect .
1 fun and excitement - this is a one stop shop hotel .
0 ca n't take food to go unless you sit down .
0 it was a truly strange and awful experience .
0 barely opened , but most rooms are completely sealed .
0 and the smell of smoke is all over the casino floor .
1 my family will come back again and will recommend it to everyone .
0 portions and quality went down quite a bit .
1 business dinner , staff was very professional , good selection of wine .
0 that is the only reason this place gets _num_ stars .
1 great menu , fast service , nice atmosphere , reasonable prices .
0 anyways back to the crappy hotel that is the excalibur .
0 it did not come with a microwave , fridge , or a view .
1 the location is perfect .
1 the location is perfect .
0 not at any price not free not for a fee .
0 and i would n't recommend this place at all .
1 it has a local feel that was a treasure in sin city .
1 the location is perfect right in the middle of the lv strip .
0 do not get the buffet .
1 ambiance was warm and intimate .
0 the gravy was all but tasteless white goo .
1 the shrimp and lobster linguine pasta is good and they give you a lot !
0 all of the poor reviews are right .
1 back in town , and made this my dinner stop .
1 some real traditional mexican cooking with good quality fresh ingredients .
0 ok , really , there are n't many problems to complain about .
1 it has nice atmosphere , good mexican food , and good service .
0 polo towers never again !
0 i was pretty disappointed with their front desk customer service .
1 such a great restaurant !
0 seriously the worst place ever .
0 we can only assume it was food poisoning .
1 open pretty late as well .
1 came here for a friend 's bday celebration this weekend .
1 the ultimate pina colada is refreshing .
0 a little disappointing for a hotel on the strip .
1 just as they were at every other location , they are unmatched and delicious !
0 but then i also noticed that they opened my car hood ?
1 this place was very good .
1 but stay , because the tapas are so good .
0 no meat and disappointing .
0 their front office staff is apparently really bad and has no customer focus .
0 the room itself was pretty good .
1 next time i will have to make sure to get here for happy hour .
1 las vegas style mexican cuisine at its best .
0 not only was my blow dry something out of the 80s .
0 the service was very rude and unfriendly .
1 best macy 's in las vegas !
1 the food was so incredibly delicious .
1 service was great also .
1 i got my make up done at the mac counter .
1 we all ended up happy and stuffed .
0 trash on the floor and someone had obviously been laying on the bed .
0 i eventually canceled my order because everybody was almost done with their food already .
0 we got a cheap rate and along with that you get an average room .
0 not a fan of the philly cheese steak here .
0 i was told someone would contact me within _num_ days , never happened .
1 drinks were good and food was perfect !
1 i had tuna tartar and it was the best i 've ever had .
1 the monorail is good for when going to trade shows at the convention center .
1 the food itself was pretty tasty .
1 this place has really good food period .
1 next time i come to vegas i 'll add that extra shot lol .
1 great tasting and loaded drinks too .
1 from the bar to our table everything was perfect !
1 what wonderful bagels they make !
0 parking is at least easy and admission is free .
0 so i am like the old grandma playing slot machines .
0 go elsewhere cause this is not worth it .
0 i wish i had read the other reviews before booking .
0 yikes , can anyone really eat $ _num_ worth of crappy food .
1 the food was fantastic !
1 the food was fantastic !
1 it was soooo good !
1 the food is great and the prices ca n't be beat .
1 great service and they are open late !
0 they are dishonest and the ownership is extremely rude .
1 just jump right on in .
0 i 've already given this place a second chance .
1 best spot before hitting up the clubs .
0 no one has returned our multiple calls and emails .
1 their paella was fresh , authentically seasoned and reasonably priced .
0 sparse would be one word that comes to mind .
1 the filet mignon sliders were delicious !
0 it just seemed old and stale and dirty .
1 came back for apps and drinks for happy hour hopping ... .
1 we also tried a sushi roll as well and it was also very good .
1 for drinks , we ordered the jalapeo margarita and it was really good .
0 i would not stay here again even if they paid me .
0 if you are a sushi snob then this is not your place .
1 off the beaten path , the service was excellent and the food was excellent .
0 the place is just straight up trashy .
1 i love the atmosphere , music , it 's so much fun .
0 anyway , the bell people were super rude .
1 this place is amazing and bar service is exceptional !
0 i could n't wear them anymore and took it back .
1 i loved the monorail .
1 would recommend this place !
0 well , after the terrible service the beer just did n't taste very good .
0 too many places in here closed down in recent years .
0 being in so cali my whole life , we are mall snobs .
1 helpful staff ; the buffet is great for the price .
0 should have just driven away , worst , liquid , overpriced shake ever .
1 so many choices , great store !
1 the food is awesome too .
1 look - david and his staff are the best .
0 i ca n't even right a review except for the worst service ever .
1 choice of red , white , or sparkling .
0 that information was obviously wrong .
1 alot of cool memorabilia throughout the place too .
1 the bar is impressive ask bruce to mix you a drink !
0 the service was beyond poor and the stromboli was a total disappointment .
0 i probably wouldnt check this place out again .
0 my advice for an old , rundown property like this ?
0 the lack of cleanliness is very evident in this hotel .
0 _num_ min later still no server .
0 $ _num_ later , i was bummed .
1 there house made dressing is wonderful .
1 best of the best in las vegas so far .
1 great for kids of all ages .
0 oh well , at least this place provided me with another place to yelp !
1 wait staff ( james ) was professional , attentive , engaging and fun !
0 wall paper was peeling and table had sticky stuff on it .
1 the place is beautiful and bright , and has a perfect ambiance .
0 i was disgusted to get into the shower even .
0 she said we would have to find out on our own .
0 otherwise , a decent night can become an embarrassing nightmare .
1 excellent tapas restaurant with a spectacular view and reasonable prices !
0 the worst hotel experience ever !
0 it then took another _num_ or _num_ minutes before we got our drinks .
1 omg this place is awesome .
0 guess this guy missed vegas _num_ .
1 watch out , it 's addictive .
0 i asked guest services to come up _num_ different nights and nobody ever came .
0 the spa was the worst experience i have ever had in a spa .
1 it 's located in a strip mall and parking can be tight .
1 for me it was the first cocktail of my day and made to perfection .
0 it 's so frustrating !
1 i got a very very very good wig and very much worth the money .
1 excellent customer service ... and the jerk shrimp is the best ever ... .
1 it was a nice relaxing comforting lunch to end our fun trip in vegas .
0 no one came to the table to check on us and follow-up .
0 the service however was very poor .
0 dont know why we keep coming back .
1 the chips and salsa to start were fresh and really good .
0 the towels are cheap and stiff .
0 what kinda cheap spit is that ?
0 looks like it has n't been upgraded in _num_ years .
1 brought back to office and had rave reviews .
1 everything from the music to the food to the table candles was wonderful !
0 if you have , i think you can pass on this one .
0 this is the worst for a disabled person to have to go through .
1 the mushroom ravioli is full of flavor .
1 it was delicious and the drinks were amazing .
0 its quite a shame .
0 one word : gross .
0 what a disappointment for our girls ' getaway weekend !
1 the cilantro rice has a really great fresh taste to it .
1 the whole experience takes approximately one hour and is definitely worth it !
0 show just ok , long line to get drinks .
0 harrah 's is old vegas , meaning smokey and nasty .
1 the mojitos pitchers are good , not the best but good .
1 still , the tapas and sangria are great .
1 the food and sparkling sangria are amazing !
1 go for drinks , for outdoor sitting , for good talks and good food .
1 i 'm one happy camper !
1 the sangria was okay and the infused vodka was actually really good .
1 we ate at many places and by far spago had the best service !
1 the more i hit this spot , the more this place hits the spot .
0 the dinner roll was a french bread loaf cut in half .
1 the service is good and the servers are always friendly .
1 the service is great and the drinks are never more than $ _num_ .
1 spring rolls are amazing !
0 but i 'm also not thrilled with the excalibur .
1 this place is very quiet , mellow , and intimate .
1 good food , good drink , good company = good time .
1 old school italian vegas at its finest !
1 she really was exceptional !
1 you might wait a while to get in but it 's worth it .
1 wow what a great place to eat in vegas !
0 so suggesting you do a togo order instead of sitting .
0 also extremely ghetto looking employees .
0 he doesnt offer to give me another one and was very rude .
0 my recommendation is that nobody else bother him either .
1 thoroughly enjoyed my don julio _num_ with their excellent chips and salsa .
1 it was perfect and i 'm quite picky about steak .
0 our room was not that great .
0 it was hard , dried out , and had no flavor .
0 the shower had very low water pressure and there was no tub .
0 what kind of a vegas hotel does n't have wifi in _num_ !
1 katie , the instructor , was incredible .
1 the crazy thing is that it is reasonably priced as well !
0 the shower ( no tub ) was dingy .
1 probably so good its comparable to homemade filipino food from my in laws .
0 a dollar less maybe _num_ cents ?
1 such an amazing job .
0 my wife and i sat down and we ordered .
0 no other major casino on the strip left such a negative impression as excalibur .
0 oh yeah ... dick 's last resort ?
0 oh yeah ... dick 's last resort ?
0 shame on the city .
1 they were huge and so tasty !
1 i highly recommend going to the perfect princess cut .
0 the room smelt funny , like moldy .
0 the casino is not great .
0 plenty of apologies , but none were apologies for using pathetic unsafe practices .
0 the room was decent , but unclean .
0 the steak was burnt and the mushrooms for the side tasted canned .
1 we have tried almost everything on the cafe menu and love it !
1 totally worth every penny .
0 i could 've paid a little more and stayed at a nicer place .
0 the worst customer service i have ever received at a bank .
1 best bagels in vegas .
0 leave our luggage with her and come back at _num_ am to check in .
1 the sweet chipotle bbq sauce perfectly complimented the barbacoa .
0 this place was not closed for `` renovations '' .
1 they 're known for their osso buco , which is delicious .
0 there 's so many things wrong with this place .
0 the only positive thing about hotel was the food choices .
0 rude or boring dealers and house keeping rushed us out .
1 this place is an awesome dive .
1 i had dinner there last night and it was amazing .
1 i recommend you try their paella !
1 best deal on drinks in vegas !
0 sorry , but the cheddar biscuits are n't enough to bring me back .
0 the only thing it has going for it is location .
0 it was a mess , i was very disappointed .
0 it was so fatty and disgusting looking .
0 now i ca n't wait to leave and find another hotel .
1 great quality for the price .
0 not acceptable , i am very , very , very disappointed .
0 the beds were hard as a rock and the blankets were thin and cheap .
0 i stayed here for an entire week for business in july _num_ .
0 not sure i care to give this place another try in the near future .
0 early morning visit approx 3am .
1 fantastic restaurant ; great service , great food .
1 service is always the best here .
0 the toilet wouldnt flush .
1 there are two floors filled with an array of wonderful nike products .
1 tacos were seasoned well and tres leches ... cake was heavenly .
0 she does not address any of your concerns .
0 i stayed here during the last week of june .
1 the pizza was cooked perfectly .
1 definitely a bucket list kind of thing !
1 this was actually a wonderful hotel in a very convenient location .
1 overall great experience -- we will definitely be back !
1 very fast ride to destination .
1 huge drinks for a reasonable price .
1 i was quite impressed and picked up the ring that day !
1 this is a very good tapas place on paradise .
1 it was a very positive experience !
0 this was a terrible decision .
0 checked in valentines to get married the next morning .
0 there are no good restaurants here .
1 i 'm a happy drunk .
0 i am never going to stay in this hotel ever again .
1 started with the lettuce cups , a perfect light appetizer .
1 i can only hope that the food at my wedding will be this good .
1 this place was outstanding .
0 truly disappointing that this place has turned into a joke .
0 if i could give zero stars , i would .
1 enjoyed the lunch though and he picked up the bill !
1 the food and service is alway consistent .
1 i would recommend to anybody i know .
1 it 's convenient and easy to get to different part of the strip .
1 stayed here the weekend of june 5th with my cousin and it was amazing .
0 not classy , even if you are a cheaper hotel .
0 the shelves are usually empty .
0 from my experience , breakfast seems to be the best meal in the buffets .
1 all the food was great and so was the sangria .
1 firefly did an outstanding job of serving up both items .
0 firefly did not the mark for me or the rest of my table .
0 why do n't you tell me when i called ?
0 to add insult to injury , it was the most expensive night of all .
1 celebrated my wife 's bday here .
1 almost everything we had on the menu was sooo good .
1 but be careful , these drinks are strong !
1 the service from the front desk was above average .
1 when we return to vegas , i guarantee we will be back !
1 great environment and service was terrific .
0 my view looks like i 'm looking at a prison .
0 i will not purchase a home from this company again ... moving soon .
0 save your money and avoid this scam .
1 portion size is just perfect !
0 they treated me as if i was stupid .
0 they overcharged me _num_ times ridiculous !
1 and of course the bread that comes with it - yummy !
1 everything i tasted was fresh , excellently presented , and tasty .
0 there was no flair and no charm .
1 the complimentary breads are tasty and beautifully served and the desserts are just okay .
0 this very smoky hotel seems old and outdated .
0 i 'm pretty sure all of the stores have locations elsewhere in vegas anyways .
1 the best part however , was the cilantro rice .
1 i loved this marriott .
1 room smells great and staff very friendly .
0 customer beware , this is a horrible outfit .
1 we will definitely be back to explore more of the menu !
1 it 's a great spot for something different than the usual strip spots .
0 seriously ... nothing to expect here .
1 this is my new laundry spot !
0 not fresh and fishy .
1 we both enjoyed the thin crust and liked how it was not really doughy .
1 really nice if you have little ones in tow while in vegas .
0 staying here because my friends are ... no !
1 great equipment and location !
1 the drinks were great too .
0 luckily i had my student id and paid $ _num_ .
0 this is like a grown up disney world .
1 we were pleasantly surprised .
1 very polite and knowledgeable .
0 i would recommend walking down to new york new york .
1 the menu provides a wide variety of food .
0 yep , no bell men .
1 the staff is fairly friendly and very accommodating .
0 for $ _num_ extra dollars .
1 good atmosphere even though it is technically in a busy mall .
1 our waiter was mexican , and had some good recommendations about what was good .
1 i got a tiramisu and dear god i was in heaven !
1 its a classy and memorable resturant .
0 i had to spend a week in this garbage pit .
0 the waitress neglected to ask the birthday girl what she wanted to drink .
0 the hotel is ok nothing special but not horrible .
1 definitely must go back !
1 thanks to discount firearms !
1 had the smoke salmon toast and it was delicious .
1 i definitely like that they are in fashion show mall .
0 not sure how tower ii is .
1 came here on a whim with my parents and girlfriend .
1 and i 'll bet you will be back !
1 my family and i really enjoyed our first visit to bahama breeze .
1 great family owned shop been coming to here for years now .
0 not really crispy ... .
0 she then left my table and returned with a pizza sauce for the stromboli .
1 i love these shoes .
0 it was so tough you could barely chew it .
1 i love this spot !
1 we had a great time at circus circus !
0 the bread was dry and the chicken was bland .
0 i was not refunded the deposit and it was charged to my credit card .
0 a total waste of money .
0 i am so insulted .
0 fortunately for i it was endless shrimp time at red lobster .
0 not much to do over here .
1 _num_ octane w/ and extra shot .
0 they did fix it for free but for it to keep happening is ridiculous !
1 i loved the super hero movie adventure .
0 maybe some people like this , but i sure did n't .
1 great lively atmosphere , good drinks , cool hangout spot for small groups .
0 sucks for us cause it 's our loss cause we have to fix it .
1 the beef empanadas and coconut shrimp is flavorful .
1 the service was very good .
1 the service was very good .
1 the service was very good .
1 without fail , both times they did it with a smile on their face .
1 shopping here is a lot of fun .
1 room was clean staff was friendly ... excellent point system !
0 some random false alarm at _num_ am does n't help its case either .
0 this was by no means fun !
1 love the bacon wrapped dates and the mac and cheese really surprised me too .
0 you will be treated much better a few doors down !
1 the restaurant is loud and small and very high energy .
1 i love the watermelon margarita .
0 like a chain restaurant , straight out of a can .
1 the drinks were strong , the food amazing , the service top notch !
1 she was incredibly helpful and friendly !
1 my dinner companion had the rigatoni and the summer squash salad .
0 there were stains all over the carpets in the rooms as well .
1 they take time with you to find what you 're looking for .
1 made it on time for their happy hour !
1 the food here is good .
0 room was clean , bathroom was fine .
1 everything was great from the setting to the food .
0 the reviews on the buffet ( included in our reservations ) were horrible !
1 just a comfortable spot to enjoy good food .
0 our room was descent , but this review will focus more on the casino .
0 are you effing kidding me ?
0 are you effing kidding me ?
1 service was great , even with a gluten allergy present .
1 spago is what makes vegas special .
0 even the maintenance men knew how bad this management company was .
0 well , we fell for it and did it .
0 harrah 's was filthy , inefficient and sad .
0 i guess we will have to wait to watch the place blow to pieces .
1 lots of vegetarian options !
1 it really was the best day ever !
0 rooms are totally outdated .
0 our hotel room was clean and tidy , nothing special though .
0 the rooms were just plain rooms i could have gotten at best western !
1 i will come back !
0 the amount of smoke was terrible .
1 unlv even voted it best bar .
0 get some better food in there , it 's _num_ not _num_ .
0 had to go up _num_ floors for an ice machine !
0 i chose a different color just in case it was that one batch .
0 not good , not bad .
0 the furniture is very dated , but they do have big flat screen tvs .
0 wan na take a nice shower ?
1 my main course was halibut and that was perfectly cooked .
0 i will not be staying at this hotel ever again so bye bye excalibur .
1 we enjoyed this restaurant .
1 this place had friendly and attentive bartenders .
0 if i could give negative stars i would .
1 i recommend to try everything in the menu .
0 we only went there because we had just arrived and were starving .
0 overpriced , incorrect and unbelievable !
1 thanks making me best brother this christmas .
0 needless to say , i did not have good sleep at all .
1 must visit local spot in vegas !
0 husband ordered the stuffed tilapia , sorry , out of it at 4:30 pm !
0 all in all i 'm pretty disappointed with this hotel .
0 no tub was a huge turn off for me .
0 inexpensive stay , expect inexpensive quality .
1 food always tastes fresh .
1 food was great and super fresh and the service was amazing !
1 after their responses , i will continue to give marriott hotels my business .
0 ok , seriously , dude .
1 the house specialty was great - ask the staff to make the recommendation !
1 with their reasonable price , friendly waitress and tasty food .
0 its a giant mess .
0 `` no problem ! ''
0 anything longer than a day or two and i would n't stay here .
1 we ordered the flautas & the chicken enchiladas , they were delicious !
1 you 'll thank yourself for doing it .
1 location is right in the middle of the strip !
1 this is a great place for that `` wow '' factor .
1 all of it was amazing .
0 we have been waiting for _num_ hours for the checking line to get shorter !
1 i really like it and i actually prefer it to the forum at caesars .
1 the customer service was outstanding .
1 a great time and we will definitly be back .
0 she never even refilled my ice tea .
1 still , the flavor was very unique and good .
0 they have a $ _num_ hold on you card like what the fuck .
0 very dismissive , unhelpful , usually rude .
0 however service sucks _num_ stars .
1 this place was great .
1 this place was great .
1 this place was great .
0 went alone and will not be going back to this hotel .
1 circo restaurant at the bellagio is one of the nicest restaurants on the strip .
0 being kept waiting at tables for _num_ mins without service ?
0 the restrooms are located outside the building , not readily visible or available .
1 the pasta was fresh and the ice cream was really delicious .
1 i always get the mango flavor !
0 you could n't give this to me for free .
1 yes , the store looks nice - both inside and outside .
0 casino floor : _num_ stars .
1 i absolutely adored this place .
1 the dressing rooms were filled with all the vintage decor that i love !
0 after _num_ nights and no improvement i called the front desk .
1 finding a decent bagel outside the ny area has been a challenge .
1 great food & fruity drinks .
0 i have a same experience like judy in this review .
0 that 'll be $ _num_ for ten minutes on the internet please .
0 go somewhere else if you want to spend $ _num_ .
0 be warned , if they open again .
0 the pool was so gross and it 's freezing cold as well .
0 the tv also was not even close to hd .
1 this is a great hotel for families and an affordable price .
0 customer service not nice at all .
1 this is always our first stop when we drive into town .
1 the line moved fairly quickly .
0 they ordered breakfast ... .
0 was too tired to enjoy vegas that night .
0 i called and complained and the first manager did n't even compensate me .
1 the restaurant was n't busy but there were still a few full tables .
1 fat tuesday 's hits the spot !
1 overall i highly recommend them .
1 the prices are great but the people put this over the top !
0 i 'm not being snooty , but dang really !
1 i have been here a few times and i will keep coming back .
1 noodles - very authentic - just like singapore .
1 it was a great atmosphere !
1 it 's fresh unlike many others in socal .
1 although i 've definitely had better , it was great for the price .
0 the beds were hard as rocks !
1 food was great , especially the osso buco .
0 i have no desire to ever have it again .
1 the dates and mac and cheese are wonderful .
0 this is basically the same response i received .
0 we got _num_ wings sent back _num_ .
1 well looks like i will return asap .
0 its obvious the do n't vacuum here .
0 a security alarm went off twice while we were there .
0 do not use this lady !
0 this is what happens to a casino when it is not kept up .
0 first off , their ventilation system sucks ass .
0 overall disappointed in staying at this hotel .
1 i thought everything was great !
0 i called back to find out why he called and the boss did n't .
0 the room itself needs some work .
1 i loved this restaurant !
1 nurses go above and beyond .
1 came here for lunch with my boyfriend .
0 and again came out barely warm .
0 room service got a simple one entree order wrong .
0 what a terrible place .
0 audio staff is awful .
0 all in all , i would not stay there again .
1 the plate was elegant and tons of attention to detail .
0 staff friendly but they cant change the decor .
1 the best part is the location .
1 excellent food i did n't expected to be so authentic .
0 we only come here to see santa .
1 i highly recommend them .
1 i highly recommend them .
0 first , the food here was ridiculously overpriced .
1 circo 's is all around a lovely restaurant !
0 until they go back to the original recipe i will no longer eat here .
0 i 'm going to call them everyday until i get my damn money back .
1 it has a real deli feel to it .
1 great service great deli counter cooks .
1 the food and service is always impeccable .
0 very horrible ross i will never come here again .
1 love the lv monorail !
0 aside from the location , it 's not a bad mall to shop at .
0 also a balcony but we had a horrible view .
1 i had a great time browsing with my husband today .
0 but if you like food and being alive do not eat here !
1 they were all good but definitely recommend the garlic shrimp !
0 so , i set it at _num_ before going to gamble for the afternoon .
1 the white truffle mac and cheese is superb .
1 this range is a must go !
0 no one in that line will be staying at harrah 's again .
1 they were also extremely reasonably priced !
0 she was not helpful and sounded extremely cranky .
0 we also were expecting a bed but had a sofa bed instead .
1 my favorite part though is that the staff is friendly and very loving .
1 the food here is amazing .
1 definitely recommended for a fun girls night out !
0 before they have cooked so tender no knife needed .
1 i ordered the calamari for a starter and it was tasty .
1 i ordered chicken on the side and it was incredibly juicy .
0 wasted cab rides to and from the course .
0 they do not even have wifi .
0 service was n't so great either !
0 the disgusting food and poor service bothers me .
1 a must do for anyone !
1 i 've been here several times and every time it 's been perfect .
1 i live in vegas and i always enjoy going to firefly .
1 try the wrapped dates !
1 will most definitely be back again .
1 i will always buy from this location !
0 do n't do it unless you absolutely have to .
1 the burgers , pasta , and banana supreme is delicious .
1 firefly is the best tapas restaurant i 've been to yet !
0 this place is extremely understaffed .
1 _num_ : most fun casino on the strip for kids !
0 this place sucks compared to newer hotels .
0 they are not even sure if i can cancel my order after _num_ weeks .
0 but of course , i didnt say a word .
0 they do n't tell you online that there is a _num_ resort fee .
0 and the marinara was bland and tasteless .
1 they made us feel as comfortable as we could given circumstances .
0 * wifi would allow me to stay in my room instead of gambling .
0 our waitress was very slow .
1 for food , we ordered a guac for the table and it was delightful .
0 warranty for a _num_ $ battery .
0 the parking lot has no cameras .
1 i love visiting new department stores because everything is so new and clean .
1 we stayed at one of the stops .
0 second the service is slow .
0 i looked around and left , it was just too busy .
1 it is very reasonable .
1 anyways i strongly recommend eating here !
1 it was a refreshing combination of flavors .
1 she had a smile very unique to her .
0 she said i would need to pay for more alcohol .
1 the service is very good , i never had a bad experience .
1 ya , it 's pricy but it 's vegas , spago and sensational .
1 ya , it 's pricy but it 's vegas , spago and sensational .
1 this place is definitely a must when you go to vegas .
1 service was fantastic and the food excellent .
1 service is great , food excellent , prices are right .
1 we loved the environment .
1 excellent deli short drive from the strip .
1 the instructors were very careful and made sure it was a fun flight .
1 i highly recommend this to everyone !
1 the variety in food will please everyone .
0 i highly doubt it .
1 i can honestly say it was delicious , way better than i expected .
0 it is hit or miss .
0 cheap , for sure , but you get what you pay for .
1 it 's an older casino , but they really make it worth your while .
1 pricey , but good sized portions .
0 therefore i associate junk with the brand .
1 this place is a must when in lv !
1 devine ... and the price is right !
0 so we are upset but obviously need to catch some sleep .
0 do n't like the scam they 're running for the check-in discount .
0 this place is shabby , thoroughly unimpressed .
0 the eggs were cold and hash browns not cooked .
0 i was annoyed and got a different sandwich .
1 i always , always order with the extra shot for $ _num_ .
1 what a great hospital and er .
0 the casino , rooms , and restaurants are yuck .
1 the food is always amazing , both for the eyes and the palate .
1 but i always have fun here .
1 been a few years back and came back twice this time .
0 by far the worst burger i 've ever eaten in _num_ years .
0 i wo n't be going back though .
0 bedding very low end .
0 this is why people get sick .
0 otherwise go elsewhere because this hotel sucks !
1 service was friendly and quick and we will be back soon .
0 i am not kidding .
1 the waiters and waitresses are so nice and helpful .
0 my boyfriend and i spent three nights here last summer with no issues .
1 this is such a great little joint .
0 we paid $ _num_ with a _num_ % discount .
1 this was a great place once you get used to the noise .
0 i 'm not usually one to give bad reviews !
1 the food was delicious !
1 the food was delicious !
1 wonderful food and service .
1 they seemed genuinely happy to have my business and chatted pleasantly .
0 there was no i repeat no coffee maker in the room !
1 the food was great and the service was absolutely awesome .
1 the pitchers were inexpensive and the food was pretty good .
1 always wonderful food and made my wedding reception very special .
0 now the crust is soggy .
1 great meal ... great service .
1 awesome dinner and service .
1 excellent service , courteous and attentive .
1 very friendly , they work on commission , and great clothes !
0 shame on harrah 's .
0 maybe next time we visit we 'll try again !
1 i love that place !
1 thank you for everything !
1 great food and atmosphere !
1 the venetian and the bellagio are my two favorite spots on the strip .
1 check this one out if you are in the mood for mexican food !
0 so limit you visits to breakfast , we will if we return .
0 the place was empty & it took for ever .
1 we had a table with a view and the staff was really friendly .
0 just told myself not get ribs there anymore .
0 for my entree i ordered the orange chicken .
1 i had the green enchiladas and they were so good !
0 the room was clean , just not kept up well .
1 obviously i had the flautas and they were soooooo good !
1 fat tuesday is probably the best drink place in vegas .
1 i love firefly ... best tapas in vegas .
1 the filet mignon sliders are the best !
0 its only _num_ feet deep !
0 the registration process took _num_ minutes .
1 this is a florist with heart !
1 the food was alright , not amazing , but for sure a solid choice .
0 way overpriced and not enough wax figures to see .
0 the food was terrible .
0 the food was terrible .
1 i l 've only had a bagel sandwich but it 's wonderful !
0 mechanics might need some more training too .
1 just come here to get a great bagel .
1 the best calamari i have ever tasted in my life .
0 i do not recommend this place .
1 honestly i fell in love with our host .
0 over all i probably wo n't choose to stay here on my own .
1 and just be smart about partying if thats what you 're there to do .
0 the food sucks too , no taste , yuck to bland food !
0 besides that , however , everything else was mediocre at best .
0 not surprised to read his ratings at all .
1 great location on the strip for the wondering traveler .
1 it 's a much better value than taxis .
0 the servers could n't remember the names of the rolls .
1 those happy hours on the strip ca n't compare to their drinks .
1 each dish was so flavorful and perfect .
0 they add $ _num_ automatically when you use a credit card .
1 we loved everything about firefly .
0 unfortunately , this stay was simply not up to par .
0 worst service i 've ever had .
1 well done , everyone !
1 generous portions rule the day here .
0 very disappointed and would never go back .
1 the building is huge inside with a cool water feature as you enter .
1 great for a first date or friends from work !
0 the french toast and pancakes were hard .
0 the pharmacy is the worst i have ever been to .
1 also , the sparkling sangria is really delicious as well .
0 negative - wifi is awful !
0 i went today for a car wash and they have a new ownership .
1 a big location with plenty of inventory .
0 it was a huge mistake .
0 go back again _num_ days later - 10:30 am - closed again ?
0 gave it two stars instead of one because the waitress was nice .
0 i tried second bed and it was better but not great .
0 the customer service sucked .
1 gnocchi was outstanding , and the wine pairings were decent .
1 service was awesome and the food was good !
1 it 's operated by an automatic system vs a person which is interesting .
0 the first time i went here i got my oil changed .
1 my colleagues and i eat lunch there once a month .
1 it 's so lovely here !
1 great atmosphere , nice waitress , good service .
0 when i sat down , the bartender greeted me and i ordered a water .
0 and ... ... the walls are freakin ' thin .
0 the play place is so filthy , and it smells .
1 she was very attentive and gave us our space at the same time .
0 so i paid like $ _num_ more .
0 i 've cooked better stir fry at home .
1 food was simply amazing .
0 after many years of wondering , wonder no more .
0 i really hate to leave a bad review for this place .
1 would definitely return again !
0 there was n't enough staff on the floor to help .
1 my favorite place in vegas !
0 the occasion was my brother 's birthday dinner and this was his choice .
1 this is a hidden gem .
0 we had a few problems with the room though .
1 firefly satisfied all , immensely .
1 very positive folks work here .
0 this review is n't about this specific store , but about the company .
0 the place does have a starbucks and a american express open lounge .
1 the sangria was delicious and i loved the ceviche .
0 but no way would i skimp and book this place for a vacation .
0 if you do plan to stay here , please do n't have high expectations .
0 we also had a terrible view .
0 the smoke became overwhelming ... most casino 's have great ventilation .
1 the circus circus is an underrated hotel and casino .
1 everything was amazing from food to service .
0 like the hotel is trying to make it smell better .
1 great for business meetings or an intimate date .
1 the place is big the service is great .
1 thank you us wigs !
1 i enjoy their drinks and the indoor/outdoor patio area .
1 it 's so hard to make a decision !
0 worst customer service ever !
0 worst customer service ever !
0 worst customer service ever !
0 we even went as late like everybody 's recommended .
0 cheap , tacky decor seemed to be a big theme at this place .
0 this was not an inexpensive meal either .
0 still no one realized they had double booked the room .
1 the mojitos are deliciously made with fresh fruit .
1 a true vegas experience .
0 some where you would think ok this could happen or whatever .
0 not a good dining experience with every fly in las vegas in your face .
1 and i love hello kitty !
0 our room seems to be clean .
0 he told me he 'd bring me some biscuits and left .
0 i only ate here because my nephew wanted it for his bday .
1 the dealers in the casino were very friendly and helpful .
0 to bad there are n't negative stars !
1 overall , definitely one of my go to spots for fine dining .
1 i prefer it over cvs across the street .
1 great flavors , very creamy and rich .
1 great place to stay if you are on a budget .
1 it was all delicious !
1 the casino has a lot of different games .
0 i reached out to a manager to inform her of the horrible experience .
1 i sat at the bar with bob .
1 the monorail is a great service in vegas .
1 i had the tacos and were pretty good .
1 another extraordinary dining experience @ spago .
0 it was slow but still glad to have internet !
0 when we expressed our concern we never even received a phone call back .
0 interesting and very cheesy since the room was ready anyway .
0 the bathtub was n't very inviting , even for a shower .
1 highly recommend if you are in the area !
1 caesar salad is excellent !
1 thank you antonio and macy 's !
0 i 've had _num_ appointments at this clinic and i will never go back .
0 i was starving and had to get something else to eat .
1 this is a great place to go off the strip .
0 unless you got nothing to loose with you do n't go here .
0 there was plenty of blue cheese dressing .
1 the manager was wonderful and so accommodating .
1 bartender is great , and chinese restaurant attached is a trip and really good .
1 very nice place and bartender was a nice fellow .
0 the linens appeared clean and the towels were abundant .
0 we tried a couple of different items that were just disappointing .
1 firefly is one of my favorite restaurants in vegas .
0 the quality and presentation of the food is bad .
0 gave sassy one word answers to questions and refused to be helpful .
1 a+ good customer service .
1 _num_ sliders were seasoned and cooked perfectly .
1 met up with a friend for happy hour .
0 so maybe the _num_ out of _num_ of us , actually order food .
0 it 's like pouring chocolate over chocolate - it 's a little too much .
0 my boyfriend , his dad , and i stayed at harrahs .
0 seriously , security needs to take a giant step back .
1 great christmas decorations ... .
1 thank goodness they have a fashion mall location .
1 she did a wonderful job .
0 no bath tub just shower .
0 was n't really an upgrade , just a slightly larger room .
0 _num_ minutes later i got my coke .
1 the atmosphere is awesome , with a young crowd and good vibes all around .
0 my first hand experience is as follows .
0 worst part : i wrote one of the operations managers .
0 their faces changed right away they immediately became short and rude with me .
0 i feel like i do n't have any power to fight back .
1 the artwork on the walls made for some great atmosphere as well !
0 avoid this place at all costs .
1 i always love coming to this place .
0 and after all , it 's not his fault the kitchen is disgusting .
0 beware - this is n't your typical las vegas hotel .
1 so much flavor packed into each of the items !
0 not sure , but yuk .
1 they were so nice to us .
0 it left the floor very wet and yucky .
1 this place was the restaurant they used in the movie `` casino '' .
0 cons : poor housekeeping .
1 i 'd definitely return here for a great deal !
0 me and my wife will not be coming to this place again .
1 anyways both dishes highly recommended !
0 my room was the standard king size room and was an okay room .
0 i am struggling to find nice things to say about this place .
0 it was extremely small and parts of it were over cooked .
1 sangria is also quite good .
0 gross would never stay here again and i am pretty easy to please .
0 the service department is the worst i have ever seen .
1 always clean fast and very convenient !
0 i just did n't like the overall ambience .
1 the las vegas monorail was perfect for my recent trip to vegas .
0 this is a terrible place to shop .
0 the lack of wifi in the room was another huge turn off .
0 one of the worst hotels i 've stayed at in vegas .
1 food delicious and service perfect .
1 happy hour is where it 's at too .
0 so bad , that i had to post this .
0 i wish i could give them no stars honestly .
1 the deli bagels are the best and deli product is great !
1 best item on the menu is the bacon wrapped fig .
1 simply put this place is amazing !
1 great food and service .
1 great food and service .
1 the chef is really nice , he comes and talks to clients .
1 pretty good for breakfast .
0 she blew me off and told me i will have to wait .
0 stayed there recently with my husband and two daughters .
1 the bread is good as well .
1 an all around amazing experience .
0 and the room did not have a window that opened .
0 the room is very basic .
0 i finally fell back asleep and the trash service outside woke me up again !
1 probably one of the best places i have ever eaten at .
0 it 's been a nightmare to get anything filed .
1 if you want to get around the strip quickly this is the best route .
1 valet was friendly and efficient when checking my luggage for the day after checkout .
1 the service was superb .
0 so i am freaking pissed off .
1 a cool little dive cheap drinks nice atmosphere and good people .
0 slow to check in , old and parking lot smells .
1 rooms are spacious and comfortable .
0 just a hit or miss place for food and service .
0 if you lose something at this resort , you will never get it back !
1 the food and the service were excellent !
0 the bathrooms are also only okay .
0 he offered no assistance whatsoever .
0 i am not about to get into everything , but be warned .
0 would have been better off catching a cheap bite at the palms food court .
0 the outside of a building with four units ?
1 this place has charm .
1 i ended up getting a strawberry mango drink and it was delicious .
0 well it was no where in sight .
1 i like hopping into this location on my way into work !
1 reverse happy hour from _num_ pm to close is the best !
0 this was my go-to place for a long time .
0 as far as standard bathroom amenities go , this room was totally sub-par .
1 strong and got me buzzed .
0 the waitress was n't super friendly and their food runner was extremely rude .
1 order the tasting menu with wine pairing for an unforgettable meal !
0 go to any grocery chain they all use gloves !
1 we had a wonderful time last night .
0 hell the super _num_ across the way was a better stay than here !
0 this is so beyond acceptable , i am at a loss .
0 this time around it was awful !
1 make sure to get an extra shot too .
0 they also rushed us when it was our turn .
1 order their mojitos , they 're so good .
1 great food and wonderful staff , i 'm so glad i chose this place !
0 a stupid coupon book that did n't have much savings was what we received .
1 had a good time sharing all the tapas with the family .
1 i was very satisfied with my stay here !
0 the room had a old smell to it .
1 but all in all a wonderful dining experience .
1 one pizza is good enough for two .
1 one pizza is good enough for two .
0 i tried to call , but the phone rang and rang .
0 the most pathetic excuse for a salon .
0 there were peanuts and shells on the floor in the bedroom .
0 but like the previous posts mentioned , felt like a motel _num_ set up .
0 my car is n't very dirty in the first place .
1 pretty loud and super casual , lots of great menu options .
1 the lv monorail is awesome !
1 best apple store in vegas to come to .
0 the blow dryer did not work .
1 we were so in love with our wedding floral designs .
0 reeked of cigarette smoke , looked outdated and the staff looked dated too .
0 i said $ _num_ dollar for my time and gas .
0 it took me and my bf like forever to find it .
1 the lamb sandwich was over the top delicious .
0 hotel manager do n't have any authority to help us .
0 hotel manager do n't have any authority to help us .
0 feel like the chef had no passion on what they are cooking .
1 amazing food and sangria .
0 i felt gross knowing i stayed in that bed , used that hot tub .
0 the big kicker about this place was the terrible and useless concierge desk .
1 other than that love this place and ca n't wait for my next purchase .
0 the place looks old and tired .
0 it 's a disappointment that the service was subpar .
0 it was tiny and completely lacking any touch .
1 the lamb chops were especially very good !
0 hell , for the price , excalibur is n't that bad .
0 i would suggest bally 's or planet hollywood for the younger crowd .
0 we stayed in tower _num_ which is supposedly the nicer of the two .
1 we greatly enjoyed the dim sum and that 's all we ate there .
1 we greatly enjoyed the dim sum and that 's all we ate there .
0 but then again , upgrades make the room price go up .
1 then ordered their creme brulee for dessert that looked great and tasted great .
0 ok , here goes nothing ... .
0 and there was no fridge .
1 the food is done well and the ambiance makes the dining experience worthwhile .
1 my room was nice and clean .
1 the shrimp is very good .
1 we were here last year as well .
0 wo n't stay there again .
1 it was very much worth the price .
0 so i had to sleep with the tv on all night .
0 it was a stressful experience and i will never go back into that location .
1 fun place to eat , drink , and what else watch sports !
1 i was very happy with the decision .
1 i love this restaurant/bar !
1 locals and our la friends recommended this place to us .
0 avoid this place like the plague .
0 avoid this place like the plague .
1 this seemed like a great solution - and it was !
0 the 1st impression when we walked into out room was omg !
1 always cute things available and affordable .
0 this place is a disgrace .
1 excellent food and service .
1 excellent food and service .
1 excellent food and service .
1 excellent food and service .
0 i 'm never coming back to this sushi place .
0 the mushrooms are gross - straight from the can .
0 the lobster mac was bland but okay !
0 pop 's philly steaks they wont let me post on their wall any more .
1 all in all circus circus will always have my business !
0 very outdated and we booked a king room .
0 i did n't actually stay here , i 'm just reviewing the ambience .
1 this was my second time at this spago and it was fantastic .
0 to put it in perspective think your average cafeteria cheese steak .
0 too bad though cause dr .
0 for my birthday i decided to get my industrial piercing in my left ear .
1 so many things and very affordable .
0 when i say horrible , i mean just embarrassing .
0 i would give this place zero stars if i could .
1 the food was excellent , thank you chef eric !
0 we should have rented palms place for $ _num_ a night .
0 customer service- horrible could not describe it .
1 i have n't been here recently but it 's a fun family-friendly place .
1 the shops are cute , and there are so many options .
1 we found this lovely place inside the venetian hotel and made an online reservation .
1 he said it was one of the best restaurant meals he had ever had .
1 so far so good .
0 parking sucks so bad !
1 i thought that was very nice of them to do .
0 got a comped room for _num_ nights here .
1 thank you so much to the wonderful team at mac and adrian !
1 all in all , a good experience .
1 very good tapas and great selection of adult beverages .
0 sometimes rio is just too far from all the action so we stay here .
0 found out our room was not ready .
1 nice work harrah 's we will be back for more .
1 i got the mango and also the strawberry .
1 i love the atmosphere of this place .
1 if anyone ever has him as a dealer be sure to have some laughs .
1 perfect crust and just the right size .
1 everything is super tasty and delicious .
0 there went our upgrade and we had to cancel our dinner plans .
0 he was n't rude but lacked enthusiasm & was n't helpful at all .
1 the service is great , the prices good , and food is fun .
0 bad : housekeeping service .
1 she was so helpful and kind .
1 bartenders are super cool friendly people , always helpful and attentive .
1 the desserts are also really good .
1 i would recommend the place for sure especially after that experience !
1 i 'd definitely come back !
1 the veggies in my food were fresh and the service was friendly .
1 the shrimp ceviche was plentiful and fresh .
1 we had a great time here .
0 i ca n't write a review about the food as we never got ours .
0 i was there to relax , not be rushed by someone .
0 i was very disappointed with my shrimp stir fry .
1 weekends are always packed and there 's always a waiting period .
1 overall a great experience .
1 we are happy with the hotel so far !
0 however , this lobby absolutely reeked of cigarettes !
1 real , authentic italian cuisine .
0 i just got tired of calling .
0 the only good thing about this hotel is it 's location .
1 the sangria margarita was delicious as well .
0 i ca n't imagine what this place is like as a hotel .
1 i think the sauces for the dishes here are what really make them excellent .
1 dave , keith , justin are all amazing .
0 i am hoping they management reads this and takes appropriate actions .
1 to top it off the micheladas were cold and refreshing !
0 i gave them my name and waited .
0 the paella was really bad no flavor , the sangria no good .
1 i love this guy .
1 great service , and very professional .
0 the carpet is disgusting .
0 the edges of the carpet were thick with dust .
1 she is the best .
0 whoa she gave me very bad look like i am stupid .
0 the excalibur has turned into a 3rd rate piece of crap property .
1 i love the pool here .
1 this place is authentic and service makes you feel like a million bucks .
0 she then drives _num_ minutes back home .
1 : ) enjoy your dining experience , it wo n't disappoint !
1 awesome food and great service !
0 i checked out of this filthy place _num_ hrs later and will never return .
1 i usually hit up the one in the planet hollywood miracle mile mall .
0 i 'd rather go watch the bellagio fountains again .
1 it is seriously the greatest companion when walking around vegas strip .
0 everything is broken and the staff is rude .
0 i was n't tempted to take pictures with anyone .
1 the soup is great .
1 staff very friendly , the drinks are awesome and the prices are very reasonable .
1 but if you want some quite time the interior seating is best .
1 service was great as well .
0 sunday afternoon : we return to find our room clean .
1 also , our service rocked !
0 _num_ dollar for every arcade game ?
1 love the service here .
0 they were rude and completely horrible .
1 food was great and they even gave extra !
1 my food was nicely prepared and presented beautifully .
1 shout out to alex -- he was a great bartender !
1 almost everything was gourmet quality , enticing presentation , and top notch in flavor .
0 it 's such a shame because firefly has delicious tapas and drinks .
0 do n't even want to take a picture for the room .
1 nothing will satisfy but the real thing .
0 the spa only gets one star from me .
1 everyone had a clean plate .
1 like earl 's , this place is a must during a vegas trip .
0 i won her a stuffed dog at the water shooting horse race game .
0 it was n't bad , but very basic .
0 they 're not open until tuesday .
0 stayed here for _num_ nights on a recent trip .
1 funky colors , bold styles , everything a strong personality would love to don .
1 this place is good to the guest .
0 i stayed at this hotel as a week from my parents ' timeshare .
1 i loved everything about this place !
0 i did n't want to take my shoes off .
0 relieved the food was n't as bad as our service .
1 we sat and enjoyed our drinks and meal .
0 this business does not use customer service practices .
0 just was not a good experience for me .
0 the door frame that houses the numbers was torn off .
0 the restrooms in the pool area were absolutely disgusting .
1 the service was also very professional and enjoyable !
1 i stayed here last year when i came with my family .
1 great atmosphere ; average service ; pretty people .
0 always seemed cheap feeling here .
0 and the service sucked .
1 very nice quality clothes and accessories .
1 love their _num_ for _num_ happy hour , the sangria is especially good .
0 some lady runs up to me screaming i cant park here .
1 overall it was great food , fast service , and cool atmosphere .
1 he got something with fish and spinach , which he liked .
0 dealers : be nice or you do n't get tips .
1 the staff ( thanks carlos from la ) was very friendly and helpful .
0 then when the clerk asks for my id she comments on my coach wallet .
1 staff are very friendly and quick on service .
0 any time an issue came up , it was someone else fault .
1 this place is classy and open to all with the restaurant attached .
1 the pilot was awesome and kept us informed the whole way their and back .
0 if only i had researched them before buying our home ... .
1 lots of midway games for the kids and some tiny free acts to watch .
1 i ate here and it was amazing !
0 i have to assume they are trying to cut costs and it shows .
0 or negatives , even .
1 the service was excellent !
0 the concierge was even rude .
0 our servers name was josh , and he was terrible .
1 good service , guacamole was very good too .
0 this place is really gross .
1 the service was fast so that always was a plus .
0 i recall having a pepperoni and mushroom pizza that was mostly grease and dough .
0 and then they made me sit for an hour .
0 he told me that there was nothing he could do for me .
0 the iron was broken so i could n't iron my clothes while i waited .
0 would not recommend this place at all .
0 paying _num_ $ for a pair of jeans is no bueno !
1 the tapas are very good and the sangria was really yummy .
1 we always get one of their pizzas .
1 they got a lot of the little things down , which is good .
0 this was the first stop on a week long vacation .
1 the finest restaurant i have eaten at in las vegas .
0 my surgeon gets _num_ stars .
0 tasted like it had sat in the garbage for a day .
1 yes i love vegas and fat tuesday helps me live through it .
1 fantastic food and absolutely excellent service !
1 and the food ... omg so on point !
1 fun crowd , great waiter .
1 totally recommend it but it does get busy .
0 this hotel is horrible .
0 if you could book a non-smoking room there was n't a mention of it .
0 the carpets stink , the rooms were not cleaned and also stunk .
0 we booked a room for _num_ nights at $ _num_ a night .
1 good spot for vegetarians and vegans as well .
1 funky strip mall like location but great food .
1 my son was here all the staff was great .
0 so i might as well review the room .
1 definitely a great place to eat !
0 our room got robbed in the middle of the night as we were sleeping .
0 i then inspected my car .
0 `` new york is very expensive '' .
0 i would not stay here again unless it was free .
0 you do n't serve kid friendly food !
0 the inside of my truck was not wet at all .
1 i 'll definitely come back just for the jerk shrimp !
0 did n't get any sleep .
0 this place does not deserve the stars that it has !
1 the service was pretty good .
0 do n't ever stay here !
0 absolutely , hands down the worst service i have ever had .
0 our first room in tower _num_ had missing wall plates for the outlets .
1 in fact , every dish ranged from very good to excellent .
0 it 's pretty bad when the circus circus does a better job .
1 their happy hour food is actually good .
0 the arcade below the excalibur ?
0 they also offered to remove the $ _num_ early check in fee .
1 the staff was nice and helpful .
0 so i walk back to the clerk and the manager to discuss this more .
0 the key word for our experience was : disappointment .
1 we will definitely go back again .
1 the place is small but really nice .
1 the bagel was great and the amount of lox they put on is yum !
1 got there for happy hour and enjoyed some `` cheaper '' drinks .
0 unfortunately we are stuck in this horrible room for the next _num_ nights .
1 am happy with the price but the service was alright .
1 super tropical and festive .
0 not impressed by this place at all .
0 - at least i did n't have to pay for it .
1 love love love the shoe department at this macy 's .
1 i will defiantly stay here again .
1 tasty drink , and friendly bartenders .
0 if the manager is reading this , all those bitches should be fired .
0 the food was delicious , however the service was horrible .
1 it is one of my favorite locations to eat at .
1 great price for the food .
1 still good food , good service , good location , good time !
1 oh man , i loved the paella , oh god !
1 thank you to all the nurses and docs that attended to my child !
1 nice location in the forum at caesars palace .
1 but everything is pretty good .
0 i booked a week in advance , for saturday and sunday night .
1 thanks to the chef who came out and talked with us .
0 i was super stoked to try this place despite my hubby 's reservations .
1 we came for lunch and the specials were really good .
1 the girl that was helping us was very friendly and personable .
1 i definitely recommend going here while in vegas .
0 also , i witnessed _num_ more people having trouble with their keys .
0 did n't care for it .
0 they refused to fix it .
0 gross , yuck , disgusting , stinky hell hole .
0 this is quickly turning into a trip into hell .
1 hope your experience will be the same !
1 our family visited here every day of our vacation .
0 _num_ minutes more , no car for me to see .
0 the most racist people ever and thieves !
1 open late and serves food late !
1 we just randomly searched this place online .
1 the taste and texture is totally different .
1 thank you team monorail !
0 so do n't upgrade .
0 the toilet ran the first night .
0 however , i did not like our family picture so much .
0 she first said none were available .
0 con : it 's excalibur at _num_ - falling apart .
1 always stop here in vegas !
0 the goat cheese was relatively bland .
1 and the workers are very friendly !
0 i 'm putting my foot down , this place deserves a one star rating .
1 a good place given the price point .
0 first of all the rooms are very outdated .
0 however the casino was nasty dirty .
0 tv does n't work 1/2 the time .
0 service - sucked , and they got my ribeye wrong !
0 other reviews have stated that tower _num_ is more updated than tower _num_ .
0 as far as rooms go , i would never recommend excalibur .
1 rooms were clean , food was great .
0 i wish i would 've rather stayed at flamingo for the same price .
1 we enjoyed a great lunch at spago .
1 - bacon wrapped dates are a must have !
1 was crispy and amazing .
0 the whole floor that my room is on smells like a locker room .
0 the air would shut off in the middle of the night .
1 the food was great .
0 and the entire hotel smells like stale smoke .
0 my wife said that her restroom was cleaner but no toilet paper .
0 but would n't go back .
0 for instance , there was only like _num_ channels that worked on the tv .
0 no coffee machines in the room ?
0 my boyfriend and i recently moved out of this nightmare of a complex .
1 first time staying here .
0 the staff was very rude , all of them .
1 the staff was extremely nice and helpful ; moreover , very patient with us .
1 and we definitely did !
1 the staff was friendly and helpful and the breakfast was free and actually good .
0 while the room was mostly clean and the casino was overly smokey .
0 the wife and i had no choice .
0 it 's so sad to see where this place gone .
0 they really were n't prepared for the pictures we were doing .
0 also , the trash was n't taken out at all .
1 and i love this location !
1 but it does the job .
0 all of the food in this casino is bad .
0 she said it might cost $ _num_ for a half day rate .
0 results from the food samples may not be known until late in the week .
1 lindsey was a great bartender .
1 thank you so much fat tuesday 's everywhere !
0 cheap and decent , but your towers are too far away from each other .
1 we had tony for our experience , and it was a great time .
1 crab cakes are the perfect consistency .
0 the lobster stuffed mushrooms that we ordered were ok .
1 the staff were great , hardly any kids where we were at .
1 love , love , love .
1 my boyfriend got the cat .
0 imagine if i would have got the cheap one ?
0 i had zero to drink - zero !
0 that _num_ star is for hospitality .
1 best service and experience and would definitely stop by again !
1 _num_ hurricane with an extra shot .
1 diana is amazing and knows her stuff .
1 circo has become my favorite place to dine in recent years .
1 this is the best [ drink ] deal in vegas , in my opinion !
0 negative : this is one of the older hotels .
0 this is the worst hotel i have ever stayed at .
0 the casino was ok , waitress was rude and never brought my drink .
1 the care was great and the nurses were friendly and helpful .
0 wait time on their customer service hot line is outrageously long .
1 and omg , i was so happy with the results !
0 rudely again at this point i was off my phone .
1 wow , the gelato here is amazing !
1 thanks for the experience of a lifetime !
1 service is okay , its better than average .
0 a $ _num_ dollar room ?
1 i highly recommend the beef empanadas , so good .
0 did not enjoy the food .
1 great variety of games , plenty of things for a wide audience .
1 this is a must go !
1 the server was great .
1 nice view of fountain .
0 no wifi to speak of .
0 the pillows are nasty .
0 spent one night there and could n't wait to get out .
0 do not waste your money on this stupid hotel .
1 i received sooo many compliments on mine and my daughter 's bouquets !
0 the management company and maintenance get _num_ star .
0 car window was broken into in their parking garage .
0 we were discounted $ _num_ dollars but that seemed like a big joke .
1 the entire evening was perfect .
1 excellent food the tapas are amazing , none were bad .
1 the fries , tuna tartar , and empanadas were a few of my faves .
0 that means i also know what bad to excellent service is .
0 it took over _num_ minutes for them to to seat us .
0 terrible customer service from the large man behind the counter !
1 the atmosphere was very inviting ... .
0 will not be coming back .
1 overall a very cool place to hit away from the strip .
1 great atmosphere , location , music , staff .
0 the ac does n't work right .
1 great black and white cookies and we picked up some pastrami for the road .
1 i loved my boyfriend 's food at spago .
0 the gm did n't even apologize .
1 i 'll definitely go back when in vegas next time !
1 this place is off the chart good and a great value .
0 this store used to be my favorite !
1 i always start with a cap rear and the agnolotti for the table .
0 terrible rooms and facilities .
1 and this is just a handful of names who enjoyed this great place .
1 if you know me , you know i love anything to do with sandwiches .
0 we wo n't stay here again .
0 the back near the restroom has narrow hallways , is darker and feels dirty .
0 played almost all week , nothing .
1 never had it before and it was very tasty .
0 really the only good thing was the view , because i did an upgrade .
0 anyway , bought them , cooked them the same as before but no joy .
1 good service , great atmosphere .
0 first room smelled like shit had to change rooms .
0 he had no idea how to blow dry curly hair .
0 i went for breakfast and they were making omelette and crepes .
1 good guac at this place ... spicy salsas too .
1 they both had a great time and enjoyed playing some games and claw machines .
1 my go to hotel in vegas .
0 the bathrooms are horrible though , you ca n't hardly see anything in them .
1 definitely one of the things that are a must do when in vegas !
0 i am in a non smoking room but it still smells old and musty .
1 please , keep it .
1 always recommend to any guest staying vegas .
1 great food , great drinks .
0 i am at a loss on why people like to come here .
0 the chicken in the chow mein was not edible .
1 great lunch and the service was excellent as well .
0 we got the _num_ course wine pairing for an extra $ _num_ each .
1 but i enjoyed my food very much .
1 whenever i go to vegas , i always want to eat here .
0 not leftover from last night , but maybe last week .
1 the food was excellent too .
1 you will forever have a place in my heart .
0 i will never rent anything from a rent a center again .
1 it was nice that you can program how far the target goes out .
0 the salmon was n't fresh .
1 by far my favorite meal in vegas .
0 because of this attitude you have earned my yelp review .
0 really that 's what i get told .
0 it seems to stop there though .
1 the wine list is very reasonably priced , and the staff is wonderful .
1 the sandwiches are spot on here .
1 i heart this place .
1 please open one closer to me .
1 i thought the steak fajitas were fine for the price .
0 he was lucky he got anything at all .
0 some of them were rude about it .
1 love it and cant wait to go back to pay them a visit !
0 do not stay here !
0 i do n't believe he spoke english .
1 thank you so much for making my birthday a special one .
0 it was a big waste of $ _num_ .
1 get a cool icy drink .
0 not liking it anymore .
0 it 's decor is not only very dated but a bit shabby .
1 they really do a wonderful job making the perfect ring you need !
1 these bagels even hold up for a few days so order a dozen .
1 please expand to the phoenix area .
1 tasty ceviche and yummy sliders .
1 the menu looked great .
0 the food in the restaurant is extremely overpriced .
1 i just wish they had happy hour on the weekends !
1 wow , amazing staff and owners !
0 the office has the worse front desk staff and billing ever experienced .
1 the food and service was great and the prices were reasonable .
0 really , is this how you run a business ?
0 clearly that is not work .
0 the only positive is its at the center of the strip .
0 till then , it 's for drinks only , if even that .
0 this place is for midwest tourists on a budget !
0 for _num_ hot and spicy no lettuce and no mayo !
1 great place to stay .
0 placed order online for _num_ pizzas and several orders of wings .
1 came here last year after my boyfriends sister suggested it .
0 it 's not worthy .
1 very tasty duck entree .
1 this time we had the pepperoni and it was really great !
1 the wait staff here is on top of their game .
1 the tapas are fresh , interesting , and some are even a good deal .
1 family friendly , affordable .
0 you should probably head to another casino if you want to do some gambling .
0 went to red lobster last night for my daughters birthday dinner .
1 this was one of the best chinese dining experiences i 've ever had .
0 and lastly , no wifi .
1 i love my mac products and would recommend making a appointment .
0 first time i was here , was _num_ year ago .
0 check in didnt take long , dude was ok .
0 the rooms were okay size but everything in it was just basic .
0 my family stayed here for _num_ nights when we went to vegas .
0 i would not stay here again .
1 it was an amazing atmosphere !
1 thanks for the flowers lol .
0 fixtures and lamps and stuff were dirty .
1 everyone 's food on the table was great .
1 : ) this is your place !
0 she looks at me and goes huh ?
0 if i could give no stars i would .
0 every casino looks the same to me : slot machines and card tables .
1 a pleasure from start to finish .
0 the temperature of the room was either really hot or really cold .
1 on top of it all , the prices are very reasonable !
0 not sure if i would try this one again .
1 spago is moderately priced and is a nice choice for lunch or dinner .
0 nope , not even remotely .
0 my tip , do not come here .
1 i love love love this place !
1 i love love love this place !
1 i love love love this place !
1 bacon wrapped dates - just perfect .
0 i do n't know why anyone would feel comfortable staying here .
1 wonderful classic italian delight .
0 only one pool was open , but several hot tubs were available .
1 it 's so good !
1 especially love the one on paradise !
0 avoid playing slots at this hotel !
0 even the pickled ginger was flavorless and harsh to eat .
0 it smelled terrible and was super tacky .
1 the staff was nice and the rooms great .
1 the drinks were pretty good too !
1 but let me tell you , its great fun !
0 do not waist your time here .
1 it was perfect to share with a ton of variety .
1 i still get cravings for their delicious truffle fries !
1 the ingredients are fresh and the food is delicious .
1 service was competent and efficient .
0 no coffee in the room .
1 well it 's a _num_ star hotel !
0 told me my room as recently renovated .
1 every bite was delicious !
1 the food here was amazing .
1 what a great restaurant !
1 and worth it to add shrimp .
1 it has nice , spacious and updated rooms .
1 my experience here last week was amazing !
0 old and tired hotel !
0 i was afraid to see the lower priced , `` old '' rooms .
0 i just ca n't quite get past the kobe burger thing .
0 he rudely said ok and left me standing there .
1 wow - why is there a walgreen 's on the strip ?
0 i would even prefer chuck e. cheese .
0 they have horrible cell phone reception .
1 just take your time and enjoy .
1 i love the piano bar , its a blast .
0 never ever coming here again .
1 the food was flavorful , creative and fun .
1 those _num_ dishes are amazing and are worth any drive to enjoy them !
0 would you believe they moved someone into the mildew room later that night ?
0 the decor is old and ugly in the hallways and the rooms .
0 i maybe would have given _num_ stars if it were n't for this .
1 all in all , a great experience .
0 from october _num_ to _num_ , _num_ , i stayed at excalibur .
0 there was no fresh fruit or water in the locker room .
1 omg so much fun !
1 great instructor , great for family .
1 great date place , great place to hang with friends .
1 the atmosphere is very nice with a live jazz group playing background music .
0 the front desk staff literally has no business being in customer service .
1 i really appreciate her being there `` in my hour of need '' .
0 everything looks dirty except the chapel , again the only highlight .
1 safe clean and professional .
1 best tapas place i 've been to .
1 the good : damn good service , damn good food .
1 love , love love !
1 it is inside the venetian .
1 ahh , fat tuesday ... the best way to start your day in vegas .
0 i went back to registration and asked to move up even just one level .
0 of course they denied the whole thing .
1 the service was excellent as well .
1 nice `` outdoor '' seating .
1 we went on a tuesday night and it was packed !
0 the food was decent , i just could n't stand the service .
0 i 'm sorry , but , that 's bad customer service .
1 their sparkling sangria is the best !
0 the place has a very unpleasant feel to it maybe because of the location .
1 the service was also excellent , thank you mike .
0 the shrimp fried rice was the smell .
0 kalbi was dry and really stringy .
1 if you love new york city bagels than you will love the bagels here .
0 was n't happy with what i picked up at all .
1 everything looked so real , definitely worth every penny !
1 extremely friendly and patient .
0 everything is clearly reheated and none of that was even done well .
1 drinks were n't overpriced , and it had a great atmosphere .
0 only went once and was not really impressed enough to try it again .
1 walked by and got the aroma of pizza !
1 the service was impeccable and kept everyones drink full and kept the food coming .
0 that i found it that the cheese was $ _num_ .
1 we had such a terrific shopping experience at this location !
0 the service was rushed , the food was bland and expensive .
0 no place to sit to eat .
1 great atmosphere ... great meal ... there is something for everybody !
1 drinks were great too .
1 food is good not great .
1 they are very comfortable and clean .
1 i highly recommend this place .
0 worse customer service , specially in the cafe .
1 i love this place .
1 i love this place .
1 i love this place .
1 i love this place .
1 i love this place .
1 i love this place .
1 i love this place .
1 i love this place .
1 i love this place .
1 i love this place .
1 i love this place .
1 i love this place .
1 i love this place .
1 i love this place .
0 there were a few who were very far off .
0 we only used the room to shower and sleep .
0 room service did not clean our room till _num_ every day .
0 close , but does n't quite make the mark .
0 we were tired and trying to just get into our room .
0 we were tired and trying to just get into our room .
1 the apple support crew was nice and supper helpful .
0 the bathroom was extremely ridiculous ; it was something i have never seen before .
0 they never cleaned the rest room from the last guest .
1 great location but a smokey and old casino .
0 i never stayed at the harrahs , and i never will !
0 i stayed at harrah 's the past week and it sucked .
0 here _num_ minutes and already had to call maintenance .
0 leave sushi to the japanese .
1 great customer service and awesome food !
1 great casino , and lots of other fun stuff going on as well .
1 other than that , good for what you pay !
0 hard to get service while i was playing video poker .
0 i gave the other store a four star review ( night and day ) .
1 she made our special event even more special .
1 i will return here every time i go to vegas .
1 next trip already planned - firefly i 'll see you soon !
1 thanks for a great time vegas !
1 located right next to ruth chris .
1 they were warm and so good !
0 the resort fee is a total scam .
1 the best nike store there is .
1 the margarita was good .
0 the hotel itself is old and not clean .
1 i love this walgreens .
1 a friend chose spago .
1 great place and atmosphere .
0 not very big , but they do the trick .
0 no coffee maker in room .
1 we came with a big group and the service was great .
1 all around , a great time .
1 our server danielle was fun and terrific and made the whole experience memorable .
0 then we go to the pool , and there are no towels ready .
0 rude employees & bad customer service !
0 it was so small , it was like a child 's bedroom .
0 first , someone needs to check this car wash place out for insurance fraud .
1 a great and unique place !
0 there is no coffee maker !
0 the aroma of stale spilled beer .
1 happy hour is the best time to go !
0 and that person had the nerve to tell me i was being rude .
1 this is the spot !
1 i also liked the mussels .
0 the next thing why i do n't like this hotel are the rooms .
1 it is `` a must '' if you like tapas !
1 we stopped here for lunch , and it was great .
0 the cajun fries are just fries tossed in buffalo sauce .
0 the underground parking lot sucks and there 's about _num_ spots near the elevator .
0 first strike , out of fat fries .
1 always accommodating to last minute changes to my reservations .
0 wo n't be returning .
0 _num_ queen beds instead of one king !
0 their service and quality were just poor all around .
1 richard our server was great , very attentive and made sure we were good .
1 this place is incredible !
0 i had to travel different floors just to get _num_ - _num_ ice cubes .
1 we devoured our food !
0 although they have good customer service , they seem lost .
0 i ordered _num_ chicken sandwiches , poor choice and crazy expensive !
0 i personally had to wait _num_ hours to get to the desk .
1 excellent service , wine , ambiance and food .
1 every time we visit the forum , we will always stop by this place .
1 perfect amount of sauce .
1 the service is always fantastic they are very attentive and friendly .
1 our server cody did an amazing job .
1 to top it all off , chef came out to meet us !
1 dinner was great too !
0 casino is very smokey and the air does n't seem to be filtered .
0 go here to ruin your vacation ... .
1 it was amazing ... .
0 later found out it is a korean owned sushi restaurant .
1 we will definitely be coming back .
0 the tastes were unremarkable .
1 they work quickly and the price is reasonable , and the material holds up .
0 then lost my keys for my car .
1 very interactive and friendly nice atmosphere and loved the other guest !
1 an extra shot , yes please !
1 it was a blast !
0 the first yellow cab driver was nice , not too overly friendly or chatty .
0 we will not be coming back to stay , ever .
1 it was so good that i ordered one for myself .
0 but the meat ... mushrooms and onions were really really under seasoned .
0 there were _num_ young guys getting people 's bags .
1 most of all , it is good .
0 make sure you know there is $ _num_ resort fees per day !
1 i came in and got two bagels on my lunch hour .
0 i 'll stay downtown where my business is appreciated .
1 loved the cilantro rice !
0 eight days in this place was more than i will ever do again .
0 did n't taste right , and now i 'm suffering for it .
0 the first thing i noticed was the smell .
1 we definitely recommend this restaurant !
0 there were parts disconnected and the filter needed to be changed .
0 i would n't even go inside later to get to the tram quicker .
0 i would n't even go inside later to get to the tram quicker .
1 you feel very prepared and safe .
0 then they asked me if i was japanese and i told them yes .
1 but it is worth it .
1 it was delicious ( a little greasy ) and came with olives .
0 never use this lady 's floral shop .
1 we got a pitcher of mojitos , and they were wonderful !
1 this place was great !
0 to get blankets we had to get approval again from the manager .
1 i would recommend signing up for the rewards membership if you are an adult !
1 all the food is fresh i only wish i could eat more .
0 what a waste of $ _num_ .
0 the view she went on and on about , was not so great .
1 top notch for me once again .
0 well it was just really insulting to me , he does n't know me .
0 the hotel is very old and smelly .
0 bad service equals no tip !
0 poor excuse for philly cheese steak sandwich .
1 but it was pretty sweet and fruity .
0 on the whole , this place is just meh .
0 so we get up , open the hall door and here 's nothing .
0 it was a horrible experience do not stay here !
0 the total with tax was $ _num_ .
0 if you value your life do not stay here !
0 stayed here for a few nights while in vegas waiting for another hotel .
0 we walked in and i swear i rented a room at a motel _num_ .
0 the pool was also just ok .
0 the casino is outdated and lacking in the slot machine area .
0 this girl was pretty condescending , rude and no help .
0 i stayed here because i was forced to and i would never come back .
1 overall experience was good .
1 this place is amazing !
1 this place is amazing !
1 this place is amazing !
1 this place is amazing !
1 this place is very good .
0 how things can change for the worse .
1 overall , a great place with excellent food and a great staff .
0 _num_ stars for this location , _num_ stars for other locations .
1 the staff has been caring and professional .
0 i mentioned the cigarette butt in the hall as well .
1 the wait staff is efficient and friendly .
1 my boyfriend 's beef tenderloin was huge and juicy .
1 even the super expensive ones are fun for window shopping .
0 the guy said that it was confusing directions which was why .
0 $ _num_ for _num_ people to have burgers and fries is quite steep .
0 we always pull the dry clean only comforter off the bed first thing .
0 you really do n't want to stop here .
0 so i ca n't really complain .
1 this is now the 3rd time i 've come to firefly .
0 this is the 1st & last excalibur experience for us .
1 next time i 'm in town i 'll definitely make another stop .
0 i finally went and was disappointed beyond belief .
1 the monorail is the perfect means of transportation for anyone visiting las vegas .
1 ask the server what is fresh , and you 'll get an honest answer .
1 from the host to the bar keeps to the servers and everyone in between .
0 place was really dirty like everyone had told me .
1 i would definitely recommend this buffet to families and even couples .
1 great customer service from danielle !
1 took a long time but lamb was truly amazing !
1 the pizza is really good !
1 got the lobster salad , clean and crisp .
1 its right next to ross , sometimes i like going shopping .
0 there goes _num_ star .
0 there goes _num_ star .
1 i highly recommend this place to all moms looking for a daycare .
1 ah , this is the way to do it !
1 bahama breeze is amazing for happy hour !
1 he is funny and attentive , but also knowledgeable .
0 drove by to check out their inventory .
1 this is one of the best margaritas i 've every had .
1 my favorite mexican restaurant ever .
0 never will i make that mistake again .
1 really enjoyed the atmosphere , we had seats right next to the canal .
0 they made no attempt to make the situation right .
0 eh it was n't the best .
1 unique beer on tap .
1 they booked us a private room and the service was very helpful and friendly .
0 just no reason to ever go back .
1 the service was great and it was packed !
1 tl ; dr : excellent customer service and of course , delicious chocolate .
1 the pizza here is awesome .
1 love , love love this mac pro store !
1 great spot to stop by while in vegas .
0 worst buffet and old building nothing else to say u probably got the point !
0 i could not fall asleep and woke up often .
1 went here to eat with my husband and two friends .
1 good for half off drinks for happy hour !
0 if you 've got kids , it 's probably ok .
0 i stayed at this hotel with my bf just last week .
0 i ask the waiter and he says the a/c has failed .
0 i do not recommend .
1 i had the pasta and it was delicious .
1 he represented the food and company very well .
0 if i was n't so hungry is leave this place .
0 prices seem to be a little high for the work they 're doing .
0 the walls are paper thin , this place smells like heavy smoke !
1 the best part is going to the bakery afterwards and getting their delicious pastries !
0 another new thing they started was _num_ day move out notice .
0 no mention of this when i booked slow service if any at all .
0 no mention of this when i booked slow service if any at all .
0 the good thing about their buffet is u serve ur own drinks .
1 i 've eaten here a handful of times and it 's really good .
0 first , the _num_ hosts ( why do you need _num_ hosts ? )
1 we had a _num_ rooms suite and really enjoyed our stay here .
0 only three of the ticket counters were open .
1 our waitress ( whose name i forgot ) was delightful and very accommodating .
1 perfect for a quick to go meal on the way to the grand canyon .
1 they were fast and efficient and did a wonderful job of treating her .
1 love the ambience and lively caribbean music .
0 spend a little extra money and go stay somewhere better .
1 charming place , good menu variety , worth the cab fare .
0 just thankful u did n't gave younger kids !
1 the sake was one of the best we 've ever had .
0 highly inconvenient and expensive for shoddy work .
1 will definitely be going back !
0 the seating was very small .
0 he looked at me like i was lying .
0 this review is for the restaurant week _num_ prix fixe menu .
0 but it was n't even properly cleaned !
1 food here was very good hence the _num_ stars .
1 decent selection of snacks and wine .
0 this will probably be the only purchase we make with this company !
1 cool , chill , island theme restaurant with very friendly servers .
1 but it was well worth the $ _num_ .
0 never again harrahs , never !
0 you ca n't even pay for wi-fi in the rooms .
1 loved the food and service .
1 jamaican jerk chicken delicious !
0 never again will i stay here .
1 ingredients were very fresh and well presented .
0 when i came back at 8pm , our room was not cleaned .
0 but someone out there stole my purse and my wallet in it .
1 big fan of wolfgang - he knows what people like and want to eat .
0 simple order of spicy chicken nuggets and a small chili .
1 love lucky brand and love getting deals even more .
0 no i do n't want to see carrot top !
0 i paid $ _num_ for _num_ .
0 all to find out it was a mistake both times .
1 i ordered the mahi mahi dish and it was excellent !
1 i was pretty surprised how much i enjoyed it .
0 everything that could go wrong with a room went wrong !
0 i called , `` yes , there is a technical problem .
0 ok , i am of two minds on this place .
0 no veggie anything at the grill and fox on every tv .
1 loved every sip of it , will keep my cup for refills !
1 went here with my sister today to get a mani , loved this place !
0 $ _num_ kids grilled cheese and fries - better than the steak .
0 the food is not very good , no seafood , and not really tasty .
0 our room smelled like old moist !
1 service was great - thanks brooke !
1 aaron rocked our mojito world !
1 everything is located near here and has a good , reasonably priced buffet restaurant .
0 the pizza hut which is n't apart of hotel undercooked my pizza .
1 the martinis were very nice as well .
1 will make it back next time in town .
1 good food and drinks .
0 the safe also was n't working .
0 pluses ... cheap prices on rooms .
1 a clean and safe ride , also very efficient .
1 the food at this place is awesome !
0 so after asshole leaves , me and my dad left the room shortly after .
1 the food was incredible .
1 the food was incredible .
1 every worker was engaged with customers and having fun with their job .
0 husband still not getting his meal .
0 the room was so dirty that we couldnt breathe after sleeping .
1 - one of the best pastas i 've had .
1 marcus was our waiter and made our first experience wonderful .
1 this is my favorite restaurant in las vegas for an elegant meal .
0 i hate shopping when there is too much noise .
0 i will not be giving out recommendations for your company .
0 i just honestly never had someone say no n not try n help .
1 brooke is an amazing mac pro .
1 give it a try !
0 nothing had been done at all during this period of time .
0 they lacked a lot of foods and desserts most buffets have .
0 that , she was not .
0 the service just sucks .
1 the _num_ was good .
1 great food and great prices .
1 best way to get around in las vegas if you 're watching your budget .
1 the chicken arrived , and it was good .
0 i tried to pull the water temperature handle tight and this did n't work .
1 this company is spectacular .
1 good food good service .
1 we loved this to take us up and down the strip .
1 really a fun place with great tasting tapas !
0 thought this one would be decent ... wrong !
1 the toro from the sushi menu was the best i have ever had .
1 great shops , similar to a good mall .
0 they did n't even warn me ahead of time the condition of the studio .
0 do n't be fooled !
1 every bite more impressive than the last .
0 this is the worst worst place ever !
0 called to resolve the problem .
1 the oysters were fantastically fresh .
0 unfortunately the place is a dump .
0 the windows were so dirty it was honestly hard to see out them .
1 spago is my new home away from home .
0 can i tell you how totally disappointed i was in my stay ?
0 dirty water does n't bother me so much as the smell .
0 but this place is definitely a zero in my book .
1 this is one of my favorite restaurants in vegas .
1 this is one of my favorite restaurants in vegas .
1 this is one of my favorite restaurants in vegas .
0 after the first one i just thought whatever .
0 our server would n't take our order without rolling her eyes .
1 i ca n't wait until i come back so i can eat here again !
1 this tour is a great idea for an activity to do while in vegas .
1 fun views , neat ride .
0 another comped room so we gave it a try twice .
0 alot of trash walking around if ya know what i mean .
1 yummm i 'll be back !
0 the room is very dated .
0 rude and not helpful at all .
1 the variety of flavors is wonderful .
1 absolutely great food and awesome bar tenders .
1 truly recommend , you wo n't regret it !
0 the food was bland and uninspired .
0 worst experience of my life .
1 a sure way to get your buzz going , especially with the extra shot .
1 the drinks were well done for a happy hour , and totally acceptable .
0 i 'm sorry = i do n't care .
1 i absolutely insist you try fat tuesday 's .
0 a week ago jessica agreed to refund me _num_ dollars .
1 we loved this place totally !
0 tv was ok , though for some reason the sound kept going out .
1 it 's a hip place with a good vibe and interesting people .
1 stuffed dates were also very good .
0 this mall could be in any city in the country .
0 the casino reeks of smoke .
0 we did n't use room service so i do n't know about that .
0 the mgm resorts company has squeezed its last nickel out of me .
0 and , i lost here .
1 does the job , especially in the summer time .
0 weird thought , tastes yuck .
1 i highly recommend spago and encourage you to get the tasting menu .
1 the monorail was my best friend while in vegas .
1 i will definitely eat here again next time i 'm in sin city .
1 this place is great and best prices in the valley .
1 our waiter was very friendly and helpful in explaining the menu .
0 basically this was a motel _num_ .
1 a caprese salad with a wonderful variety of tomatoes ... delish !
1 the tapas are decent , but i 'd come here again for the drinks !
1 a million flavors , natural vibrant taste .
0 anyway , we stayed at tower _num_ and the walls were thin .
1 everything down to the service , and bread were fantastic !
1 overall this is an excellent place for bagels and breakfast .
1 location is the only sketchy part but it is still worth it !
0 service is ok , i ca n't say is great .
0 it 's all complete crap !
0 i sent it back and they replaced it .
0 again bad food service management .
1 this is really fun .
0 if i could give it a zero i would .
1 the sangria is the best i have ever had .
0 someone 's vomit was on the hallway outside the elevator for the whole night .
0 the bed in comfy though , so that 's a plus .
1 as for food , almost everything we got was delicious .
0 the asparagus was cooked well with a good char but no spice at all .
1 i will be back !
1 i will be back !
0 i checked and yes it did not move .
0 i checked and yes it did not move .
1 harrah 's will always be tops on my places to stay .
1 i will definitely be back next year .
1 food was good , nothing to write home about .
0 nasty food and service .
0 not a lot of flavor besides the soy sauce and wasabi i used .
0 yeah , no never again will i stay here .
0 i was given a horrible customer service .
1 a great , inexpensive , off the strip dining choice for spanish tapas .
0 the next day i went down and requested my room change .
0 secondly , the parking is awful .
1 love the stuffed peppers !
0 the cleaning ladies were cool and accommodating , no complaints there .
0 i do n't know why , it just felt that way .
1 highly recommended this restaurant .
0 my advice is to get your room here and expect to party elsewhere .
0 the salad was so salty that it was hard to finish .
0 mine was overly salty .
0 worst hotel on the strip .
0 hotel was fine but parking was horrible !
1 the food here is great .
1 great place to stay and gamble !
1 love the tapas experience .
1 always excellent meals and great wine selection .
1 i was told the bloody mary was spicy and tasty .
1 it is definitely my favorite place to hang out after work with friends .
0 the worst was the food court .
0 trash cans not empty often enough .
1 well , that and chocolate , of course .
0 only go to the buffet if you like macaroni salad and little night life .
1 this is one of the original vegas nail shops .
1 they have classic mexican that taste great .
1 excellent food and service !
1 the shrimp tempura was good as well .
0 my boyfriend and i were very annoyed by them .
1 a great vegas find !
1 picked this treasure with unassuming front for my husband 's birthday based on reviews .
1 the stations and trains are very clean !
0 lets just say it was pure disappointment .
1 the person helping us out was super patient and accommodating to what we wanted .
1 katie was so patient and fun .
1 came here for breakfast and had a very good meal .
0 do not go to this place !
0 worst place i have ever stayed at .
0 `` terrible service and business , will never come back .
1 fun atmosphere and pretty good food too .
0 i 'm never coming here again .
1 we ordered our favorite dishes .
0 excalibur hotel , are you kidding me ?
0 also , their props need to be updated because some are old and worn .
0 they could use an extensive upgrade .
0 they could use an extensive upgrade .
1 one of our favorite spots in vegas !
1 really good experience of shopping anything you wan na try little better quality .
0 when i travel for work , i travel cheap .
0 also has some lower priced dining options .
0 now it seems outdated .
0 larry 's meats not owned by larry anymore and it shows .
0 this could be lived with if the units were not so loud .
1 nice filipino assistant that was easy on the eyes .
1 truly a hangover killer .
1 this business is amazing and is not your typical jewelry store .
0 i hate they charge for wifi .
0 this was not worth the money .
1 thank you all so much .
0 ( short black hair , hispanic , long unprofessional black nails ) .
1 : ) ) amazing drinks !
1 oh by the way , her name is carrie .
1 add the chicken on it , very good as well .
1 live singer performers on the weekend too .
1 amazing food , the tuna tartar and stuffed mushrooms in particular .
1 i 'd come back for drinks since the setting is so great .
0 motel _num_ with a casino attached .
0 not enough parking , no parking for guests .
0 why are they so salty ?
0 if i could have rated this _num_ stars , i would have !
1 i brought my husband here for a date and boy did we enjoy ourselves .
1 _num_ card poker was also fun .
1 i loved loved loved the little brie sandwiches with the tomato soup .
0 needless to say that all changed upon our arrival .
1 we decided on bahama breeze , and it was great !
1 great atmosphere , great service , great food .
1 it 's fun holding it sharing with friends .
0 _num_ minutes later , we got checked in .
1 plus , they have a nice malbec on the menu at a nice price .
0 it was insane , man .
0 stay clear of this denny 's its so not worth it.
0 there was no fire but that alarm is loud as all heck .
0 could be worse , but we wo n't stay here again .
0 the receptionists at check-in were rude .
1 the food is outstanding !
1 the food is outstanding !
1 fabulous food , fabulous service and fabulous ambiance .
1 good store with average selection .
1 our pilot alexander was very informative and enthusiastic tour guide .
0 it was truly disgusting .
0 i only went because everyone says they have awesome apple fritters .
1 it 's big enough to share and deliciously light and fluffy .
0 no one said `` oh that sucks i 'm sorry . ''
0 i tasted no salt at all .
1 excellent and efficient service on wonderful products .
0 i did n't like it.
1 so i got ta win it again ( and i do ) .
0 well no fridge and to get one you pay _num_ per night with tax .
1 the air conditioning worked very well which is important in the las vegas weather .
1 it is my fav !
0 this is not a gluten free friendly place .
0 wifi is there , but hella hard to connect to .
1 they 're my new favorite jeans !
0 not at this store .
1 definitely will be back next time we are in town !
0 the entire table had a taste and would n't eat the remaining .
0 sofa bed was hard .
0 circus circus is the place to go if you want cheap & family friendly !
0 the security guy said someone opened our door _num_ times use the key card !
0 the casino floor was a bit depressing and so were the people playing there .
0 all in all nothing _num_ or _num_ star worthy .
0 $ _num_ for the smaller burger , fries , and a soda is outrageous .
1 we always get the lemon chicken which is the best ever and fried rice .
1 overall its an amazing place good for kids and adults .
1 it was a perfect stay .
1 had a great time this year .
1 i had the wild mushroom enchilada which was super tasty !
1 the guys here worked efficiently .
1 but so worth it .
1 here on vacation and will definitely come back again !
0 everything seems to smell like smoke .
1 food : the food was great .
1 casino only - fun place ; great atmosphere .
0 alize failed to deliver on both .
1 it 's a real vacation when you stay at a hotel !
1 it 's such an amazing reminder of that day !
0 they do n't know what to do if you have a gluten allergy .
0 first off they changed the menu but not for the better .
0 stay away , they do not deserve your money .
1 the tapas are amazing .
1 they really treat you well .
0 zero stars , dont even go there .
0 purchased toys online for pickup at this location .
0 cheap hotel on the strip with an embarrassing atmosphere ( circus ?
1 we really like this place .
0 and would be ready soon , she would call us .
0 this is the only place that does not let you order half rolls .
0 cheese , i had onion & mushrooms were n't cooked !
1 the humans enjoyed the food , but it was standard bar food .
0 the silver lining ... the valet guy was super nice .
0 i am not comparing this budget hotel to those .
0 i am not comparing this budget hotel to those .
0 wanted to get a quick bite and stopped by this place .
0 we quit staying here _num_ _num_ years ago .
1 the quality of service we received was great .
1 my cousin 's looked gorgeous too !
0 every person made me feel like i was wasting their time .
1 their sangria is decent as well .
1 the view was nice and the room was clean .
1 the staff was great !
1 great variety for the wine list with lots of affordable options .
0 first of all , they now stop serving breakfast at 11am .
0 the staff is nothing to speak of .
0 tip ... avoid room _num_ on any floor .
1 this is my absolute favorite restaurant !
0 take your car elsewhere !
1 see you guys next year !
1 i highly recommend more people do this !
1 my favorite tapas are the stuffed dates and the warm spinach salad .
0 staying in this hotel was the worst experience we had .
1 also a great spot for people watching !
0 circus circus is cheaper and they actually have wi-fi there !
1 the room prices are fantastic , and you get large rooms .
0 they eventually gave me a new room and it was fine .
0 it had not been cleaned at all either .
0 the exhibit is probably fine , i would n't know .
1 there 's a very diverse drink menu for anyone 's needs .
0 party of _num_ , over _num_ hours .
1 thanks for a great experience .
1 it 's a great photo opportunity with wax figures of today 's hottest stars .
0 no one did anything .
0 i 've stayed here twice and that amount of times was too many .
1 a great experience all around .
0 this hotel was n't ready for the amount of guests that it booked .
0 the hotel reeks of smoke , unlike any other we visited .
0 also , picked up _num_ plastic cups from the bottom of the pool .
0 at the end of the transaction she gives me the ten dollars off anyway .
0 thank you for using yelp .
0 sadly , they sell an overpriced product .
0 they send a security guard up and tell my best friend compliments from downstairs .
0 during the piercing , i passed out ( no idea why ) .
0 of course there were n't any seats at this point .
0 i probably wo n't come back here again unless i 'm short on time .
1 good for a date or special occasion , or for mildly adventurous foodies .
0 night crew sitting around too lazy to work .
1 and yes i would recommend a reservation , this place was pretty packed .
1 my mom had a sangria , which was very nice .
1 the sales ladies were so friendly and helpful .
1 staff was very friendly .
1 it was so much fun !
0 i would n't stay here again if you paid for my room .
1 you can tell that the ingredients are fresh , and the service was fantastic .
0 paid $ _num_ for one drink , really ?
0 the food here is really bad .
1 the concept is great .
1 the flavor of every dish was spectacular and we 'll presented !
1 the room was marvelous !
0 _num_ minutes after that the dr entered .
0 besides that , this place sucks .
1 um , well worth it .
0 no employee or manager once apologized for their screw up .
1 would totally recommend to a friend !
0 the hotel bar is a dick 's last resort .
1 the staff was also super friendly and attentive .
1 have fun here and keep yelping !
1 make sure you check out the cheese plate !
0 on the side , i ordered 1/2 slab or ribs which was _num_ dollars !
1 overall the experience was great and i 'd go back .
1 he 's hooked now too !
1 i was able to use my visa , no problem !
0 her response of `` we never change the blankets '' was less than comforting .
0 the pool has no shade unless you pay for it .
1 free wifi is awesome , nice vending machines , and their ac actually works !
1 classic , one of the best overall vegas dining experiences .
1 loved the ceviche , chorizo clam , and stuffed dates was also pretty interesting .
0 this particular location is weird .
0 do n't expect anything super fancy though .
1 it 's become a tradition to get a _num_ octane with an extra shot .
0 if you 're booking a room , there are better options in vegas .
0 it is basically a money trap .
1 he 's gon na deliver our baby and we 're very happy with him .
0 worst experience ever ordered a ham and cheese hoagie and got a philly steak .
0 my friend and i recently went to vegas for _num_ days .
0 could n't sleep at night and was very uncomfortable .
1 great lox , cookies , cream cheeses and of course , bagels .
0 perhaps other menu items are edible but their veggie stromboli is disgusting .
0 the lobby and casino were musty and outdated .
1 seriously tender and delicious .
0 ( fourth floor , room _num_ ) .
0 ah well , it happens .
0 i mean everything from the parking garage , elevators , walls etc .
1 service was great , and food was tastefully prepared and served timely .
0 hands down has to be the worst hotel on the strip .
0 if that was n't our first bad sign .
0 everything in the room is beat up , old and/or stained .
0 oh , and the car was on empty .
1 perfect for lunch or earlier dinner .
1 bartenders and the overall bar experience is great !
0 that took about _num_ minutes as my phone was dying .
0 the casino is old , dark , dingy and not very lucky !
0 the front desk girl was also very rude .
1 excellent small plates , especially for a late night meal .
0 slammed our waters down on the table .
0 glad the server took it off our bill .
1 staff is friendly and trained well so the wait is usually minimal .
1 my favorite flavor is the butter pecan .
0 im not a limo stupid lady .
0 i think this was one of the reasons we got sick .
0 needless to say , i changed my email .
0 - this place just sucked .
0 the worst dish of the evening - the chicken dish .
0 waitresses all look like they rolled out of bed and unhappy .
1 try the flautas and sangria , so good .
1 the outdoor seating gives it a romantic , elegant atmosphere .
1 great wine selection , and the sommelier is top notch .
0 while waiting for rest of party , _num_ of us sat in the bar .
0 this is a sorry excuse for a hotel .
0 they said no and i left and went to caesars .
0 i will never stay here again _num_ main reasons .
0 i used to stay here relatively often because they often send me free rooms .
0 i wish i could review the hotel separate from the staff .
0 this is the worst place you can get your pizza .
1 very large & nice selection .
0 this hotel does n't deserve one star either .
1 the service was excellent .
1 the service was excellent .
1 it turns out that we hit the jackpot !
0 i absolutely hated this restaurant .
0 what a horrible experience !
1 chopped salad was a good start .
1 the bartender was great .
0 service was slow but i 'm thinking maybe it 's relaxing and not slow .
0 after he rushed through my husband sandwich , he went on break .
0 what ... the ... fuck ?
1 great prices , but it 's cash only .
1 mushroom soup and mushroom ravioli is amazing !
1 so we got the monorail from harrahs back to mgm .
1 a hidden gem that 's definitely worth leaving the strip .
1 get one walk around and have fun .
1 just a good place to have a nice dinner .
1 they have the best alcoholic beverages ever !
1 and such vintage feeling as well .
0 give your business to people who want to be helpful , not these characters .
1 i loved this place !
0 horrible service and run business .
0 unfortunately this mall has gone downhill over the past few years .
0 my brother got impatient so we left .
0 then when it was time for the gifts ; it was such a fraud .
1 great tapas , good service , amazing drinks and decent prices for lv .
0 yes , it 's that bad .
0 there 's at least _num_ shopping malls in each city .
0 she could n't explain it .
1 it 's soooo good , so good once it touches your lips .
0 its such a shame everytime ive called horrible experience .
0 also , no fridge !
0 he just said that this was not his problem .
1 our food was pretty good .
1 we love love that there are two macy 's in this mall .
1 great place to dine !
1 i stayed here for a work trip the second time in _num_ months .
1 they came looking beautiful fresh and delivered on time .
1 definitely one of the best in vegas .
1 i had signed in online first and got right in .
0 in fact , why would even think like that ?
1 it is a cool place .
0 the casino is flat out dirty .
0 it was nothing special .
1 we shared the empanadas ( good ) and flautas ( spectacular ) .
1 it was one of the best pizzas i 've ever tried .
1 one of the things that i really enjoy is the town square .
0 i found the check-in counters & it was quite confusing .
1 the staff is pleasant and courteous and we 've never had an issue here .
1 best prices for a great hotel .
0 room smells , ugly view , for _num_ for two nights ?
0 save some extra cash and go elsewhere .
0 _num_ star is all that i can say .
1 they really make the sale go smoothly here , and i really appreciated it .
0 did not eat and would not make a special trip for happy hour again .
0 the beds are hard and very uncomfortable .
1 the bacon wrapped dates are pure heaven .
1 the service was good , the food was good and the atmosphere was nice .
0 fortunately i did n't see him cooking my food , so i was okay .
0 tournament of kings show sucked .
1 i loved almost everything that was served .
0 check in was terrible , super long slow line .
0 oh , yeah , no bath tub .
0 even the cooked foods like the mini beef steak was off somehow .
1 the happy hour specials are pretty good .
0 it needs renovations and a better cleaning crew .
1 cars are super clean and it 's way cheaper than a taxi .
0 ( we hated this hotel .
0 i gave this place _num_ star because of the materials they stock .
1 very crowded , popular and noisy but worth it .
1 the most amazing place i have eaten at .
1 super awesome experience and surprise for my bachelor day events .
0 shower was n't even hot one morning , and leaked .
1 nice atmosphere & service .
1 the rice and beans were very good too !
0 the carpets are stained , the ceilings are low , not very inviting .
0 worst hotel in las vegas .
1 the apple store is great !
1 i love the crowd here and the atmosphere .
0 just got the worst customer service ever !
1 i 'm a huge fan of seafood pasta and this one was divine .
1 love this place been going for years and it 's always consistent .
1 lovely atmosphere as well .
1 my wife pretty much buys all her makeup from mac .
0 it was not extra tasty or extra large .
0 our room also had a weird smell to it .
1 i love this place , great food with nice decor .
0 the worst service i 've have ever experienced tonight going through the drive through .
0 customer service _num_ stars .
1 the mojitos are delicious too and come by the pitcher if you want .
1 dino we wish you many more successful years in business !
1 this place is hands down amazing !
1 the staff wee quite friendly .
1 drinks were excellent as well .
0 it had not been touched !
0 lines to check in and check out were long .
0 i paid $ _num_ buck plus tax wtf step it up a notch .
1 i won nearly a grand on slots alone !
0 that 's horrible service .
0 during the wait it was difficult to get coffee fill up .
0 but apparently , he is n't paid to listen .
0 the place wasnt clean , the service was gross .
0 did i mention that this was after work and i was in my uniform ?
1 the appetizers were great and so were our dishes .
0 i said , `` wtf , ok the computer messed up ! ''
1 like everything in vegas , its big .
0 they were thin and worn out !
0 in total i was in there for _num_ min .
0 do not stay at here .
1 the prices are a little cheaper , but the food is still wonderful .
1 everything we tried was awesome , and pretty economical .
0 the figures were life like , but this is no museum .
0 didnt even care to wipe it down .
1 i think this is probably the finest floral service in las vegas .
0 stayed here for a `` cheap '' alternative while visiting for a bachelorette party .
0 the duck breast was nearly white it was so over cooked .
1 best tapas in vegas .
0 businesses are trying hard .
1 cheesecake and creme brle were executed extremely well .
1 went with a good friend of mine who has been coming here for years .
0 they just would n't stop .
0 was starving so decided to try it out .
1 it 's a must in vegas .
0 buffet was a joke , even for a pretty low price for breakfast .
1 a wide variety of choices to choose from .
1 overall , it 's a great restaurant .
0 the bathroom sink and floor were covered in hair .
0 usually , the rates are cheaper if you stay on weekdays .
0 advice : spend the extra money and skip the castle .
0 i was so angry that i did n't bother .
1 love the _num_ day passes !
1 great drinks and service .
0 `` i do n't live here , i live in seattle . ''
1 i love the midway !
0 has to be one of the worst place for a trade show .
0 i hate this place .
0 this is not what i expected for an _num_ plus tax sandwich .
1 we liked it so much we went back again the next evening for dinner .
0 the bathrooms are disgusting with piss everywhere and the whole place is just filthy .
1 will definitely try this again on my next trip to vegas !
1 smooth atmosphere , reasonably priced , and the food is great .
1 just the right portion size .
1 casual , eclectic atmosphere makes it comfortable for anybody .
0 lady asked me where my cup is .
1 he was consistently refilling and double checking that we were doing good .
1 my favorite is strawberry and hurricane .
1 i am a fan of this place !
0 overall , i expected a lot more from this hotel .
1 the place looked very nice and very trendy .
0 the customer service is bad .
0 because the first one was _num_ lb bigger .
1 the waiting staff was very friendly and very quick in their service .
0 worst stay at a las vegas hotel so far .
1 the pay outs are n't bad and the adventure dome is really fun !
0 potatoes and cabbage out of season , perhaps .
0 basically what it comes down to is do n't stay here .
0 another suspicious thing occurred at this hotel .
1 super great location and clean rooms !
0 i will give las vegas wan na be 's some credit .
0 but no worries i am here for the shrimp .
0 the wait time while in the office is unacceptable .
1 overall a nice place to stay while u in vegas .
1 the rooms are nice , and the beds are comfortable as well .
0 did not like service at all .
1 my boyfriend had the spaghetti and he loved it as well .
0 we were very happy , we did n't have a crowd to fight through .
0 this is a budget friendly hotel .
1 but im still a fan .
1 awesome food and drinks .
0 the car wash itself was shabby at best .
0 the car wash itself was shabby at best .
1 its like being at the circus and all the employees are extra nice .
1 the food and atmosphere is great .
1 the waiter was very funny and nice .
1 went above and beyond to make sure i looked hot and flawless .
0 this was the worse hotel i 've stayed at in los vegas .
1 this is a very good jewish style deli .
1 this was a great start to a perfect dinner .
0 it smells more like dust and smoke than most of the other hotels .
1 lets do it again !
0 the atmosphere was cool , but maybe i 'm not a spanish cuisine person ?
1 i highly recommend this place for a quick bite to eat for lunch .
0 feel sorry for the employees .
0 them people that works there do n't know how to greet customers properly .
0 i 'm in tower _num_ which is suppose to be the better tower .
0 the staff seemed burned out , and not to care about good customer service .
1 overall , this place is fantastic .
0 went back to the room around 6:30 in the morning and slept .
0 this is the second time this happened , first time to complain .
1 so we went expecting good food , good drinks and good prices .
0 they really need to give this hotel a makeover .
0 the rooms sport terrible lighting and there is no free wi-fi .
1 a favorite of mine .
1 everything came out delicious and very quick .
1 i was pleasantly surprised .
0 will not return again and will not recommend anyone else either .
0 i went upstairs to bay watch watch repair , he charged me $ _num_ .
1 some of the best eats i have had .
0 in every store i visited , rude customers and rude employees .
0 then tried charging me $ _num_ !
1 ca n't beat the _num_ $ happy hour margaritas .
0 but then it was time to get change from the machine .
1 the pizza was good but not great .
1 we love every course !
1 definitely coming back for more !
1 had the shrimp linguine which was delicious too .
0 it was a nightmare .
1 the price is right and the room was clean .
0 worst service ever here !
1 i do n't remember what flavor it was exactly ... just fruity and delicious .
0 and as an added peeve , the bathroom light is n't very great .
0 i now remember why i have n't been here for a couple years .
1 to top it all the service was great !
1 i love the mix and match the flavors .
0 room : at same level or below a motel _num_ .
1 wow , wow , wow !
0 the mardi gras tower needs an update badly .
0 old , dingy , better places to stay .
1 i mean its cheap , its fun , and its good !
0 for rolling my luggage _num_ feet ?
1 pretty much cleaned my plate .
0 nothing in the room is updated , and there is poop on our window !
0 worst place in town by far !
0 the pool is the worst i have seen in vegas .
0 but this never happened .
1 for this `` neighborhood '' that is a deal !
0 got back around _num_ pm no one had fixed the window .
0 -- -- -the hotel itself was also disgusting !
0 the iron was not cleaned and had old , cold water still in it .
0 it was _num_ pm by the time my name issue was resolved .
1 you can park and fly for _num_ dollars !
0 the bedding was not comfortable , really nothing special about this place whatsoever .
0 i know to us our brother is slow , but come on !
0 the tables and the dealers were worn out and not in a good way .
1 the hotel is not a luxury hotel , but is clean and nice .
0 sorry to bother you sir .
1 great fun and super safe .
0 of course the hot tea we have to beg for was not included .
0 rooms in the resort tower are dated , at best .
1 it had circus performances , karaoke , the amusement park , etc .
0 his service was worse than food court on the street .
1 it was still good and nicely cold .
1 the filet sliders are beyond awesome !
0 the toilet runs all night .
0 i 'm sure she had better things to do ... not a bad experience .
1 but damn - i love this store and the forum shops .
1 this place is definitely one of my favorite places to eat in vegas .
0 next month you pay $ _num_ for water and $ _num_ for lights !
1 the rooms are big and comfortable .
0 the two stars are based on the food only , which was amazing .
0 the philly was surprisingly dry and lacking flavor .
1 we will definitely go back and stay there again !
0 food was ok and service was really bad .
1 i thought i was inside !
1 i highly recommend the quesadilla .
1 great hours , the staff is very helpful and patrons are friendly .
0 this place needs to be torn down .
0 the customer service was terrible .
1 i got it with pastrami and loved it .
0 it really is n't much .
1 every time with positive feedback .
1 great affordable option in the venetian .
1 the food is incredibly good and fresh .
0 i wanted to like this place , but i was disappointed .
0 i would give this hotel a zero if i could .
1 perfectly executed and delicious .
1 this place was a huge hit for our party of _num_ .
0 the bathrooms are gross .
0 arrived here at 6:30 am on sunday morning .
0 just do n't expect too much .
1 definitely got me toasted .
1 the staff was great .
1 the staff was great .
1 it 's truly the best one .
1 it is wide open and nicely decorated .
1 went to the firefly restaurant based upon their menu .
0 the place needs a desperate new coat of paint on the outside .
0 but apparently excalibur can not be bothered .
0 extremely slow check in .
1 so flavorful , the ambiance was just perfect , and the staff was wonderful .
1 the service is excellent we had a wonderful experience .
1 definitely a must at vegas !
0 that typically goes for $ _num_ a night .
1 this place is a must if you 're heading out to vegas .
1 i 'll definitely be coming back .
0 we dont plan to eat in that place again for a long time anyway !
0 then why was the check-out sign placed there ?
1 it was a very nice place .
1 they had a supervisor come out and he helped us out immensely .
0 do n't believe their advertisement of `` free '' wireless .
1 lol i totally recommend .
0 btw , the buffet sucks .
1 every last thing we ordered was interesting and amazing .
0 i felt like a number , not a customer .
1 great food we always get two bowls of pork adobo .
0 _num_ minute wait is unacceptable .
1 one of my favorite restaurants in las vegas .
0 the ugly : the hotel is dated and needs a major facelift .
0 the angry chicken was okay ... could have been better .
0 i actually tend to really like harrah 's casinos .
1 this place was pretty good !
1 i was in heaven !
0 my biggest complaint was our hotel room key cards would not work !
0 i wo n't be back .
0 this is a really crappy hotel with really crappy customer service .
0 it took forever to get our bags though .
1 i eat here about three or four times a year , breakfast and lunch .
1 to top it off they make a good mojito .
1 as a local , one of my favorite places to go .
0 the bathrooms were decent but i 've seen nicer showers at motel _num_ .
0 remind me to never walk through there again !
0 the slot manager gets props for having some newer games , however .
1 this place is actually really nice .
0 it stinks of raw sewage and the bathrooms are awful !
1 sangria but enjoyed a number of delights .
1 comparable to a junior suite at one of the casinos .
1 i recommend having the tiramisu gelato , which is the best i 've had .
1 food was mostly very tasty and also very affordable .
1 very happy with the quality of the food and service !
1 the games were fun and easy to win too .
1 highly recommended as a place to come and play in vegas !
0 excalibur wanted $ _num_ and wanted me out by 3pm !
1 great prices , large menu , wonderful staff , etc .
0 i was kinda iffy about staying here due to the cheap price .
0 i used to love going to that one with my mom as a child .
0 our beds were hard and worn .
0 dinner came and my veal bolognese was horrible .
1 very refreshing on a hot vegas day .
0 absolutely horrible and rude costumer service .
1 i would highly recommend it .
0 and its a shame because i really did like my room .
0 the pool scene was pretty sad .
0 i 've been a firefly customer for _num_ years !
1 it was really nice though !
1 thanks for a wonderful lunch experience !
1 ambience is great whether you dine in the cafe or main dining room .
1 definitely coming here again .
0 the server promised biscuits again , and left .
1 we chose the seasonal tasting menu and were so impressed .
1 this one is my favorite !
0 i 've stayed at excalibur quite a few times .
0 as soon as i walked into the lobby the long lines shocked me .
0 just do n't do it .
1 its a great place to hang out with friends and family .
1 it was well worth it !
0 i 'm still trying to figure out what the hell that covered .
1 this place is awesome .
1 this place is awesome .
1 this place is awesome .
1 this place is awesome .
1 such a cool place to visit !
1 all in all , a great restaurant .
0 she should have just thrown the crap away before she gave it to me .
0 everything in this hotel is run down .
1 was there on labor day weekend and it was a great experience .
1 servers were friendly and helpful .
1 i think it 's ideal .
1 all the tapas are great and the sangria makes is good as well .
0 i upgraded to a suite , total nightmare .
0 but the pillows were hard and the beds were harder .
0 i think the employees really dropped the ball this time .
1 _num_ hour has a good selection of machines .
0 too may nice courses in lv to play this dump .
0 no theme to the casino as opposed to other hotels .
1 try to get there for happy hours .
1 the director wanted a nice blonde wig .
0 this was a holiday weekend and this place was empty .
0 the hotel room was what you 'd expect .
1 the garlic shrimp was amazing !
1 our first time and spago lives up to it 's reputation !
0 but it is not a option .
1 everything was absolutely delicious and i will definitely be back again .
0 i wish i had looked this place up on yelp before i played here .
0 i 'm begging you , please stay somewhere else .
1 the casino was good as well .
1 the food is amazing and unlike the rest of vegas , not over priced .
1 the food is inventive and delicious .
0 the excalibur is the worst hotel on the strip .
1 i highly recommend getting the giant margarita glass full of frozen margarita .
1 he wants to go again tomorrow and the next day !
0 is that how a store is supposed to be run ?
0 as a vegas veteran , i know what to expect on the strip .
0 first off this restaurant is in serious need of a facelift .
0 _num_ yrs old facility going on _num_ .
0 i was pretty disappointed .
0 it was almost impossible to get a `` free '' drink .
0 harrahs casino in las vegas , what can i say .
0 other than that , spend a little more money to stay somewhere nicer !
1 it is absolute perfection !
1 always the `` best of the best '' regarding booze !
1 definitely world class service .
1 it has a kids casino , amusement park , and circus shows .
1 the midway was fun and you ca n't beat free entertainment .
0 it closes too early and opens too late .
0 absolutely terrible hotel , the worst i have experienced within the north america .
0 gone here before and many other car washes and never had this happen before .
1 this was my first tapas experience and i loved it .
0 it was supposed to be ready by _num_ pm .
1 came here twice so far .
0 it came with were dry .
1 awsome place and super friendly people .
1 then i shot it and loved it !
1 they gave exceptional service which was very much appreciated .
0 my carrot strip had more flavor .
0 it gets very very old after a while .
1 there is a bakery and everything is so yummy !
0 on a good note , the room is clean and the beds were comfortable .
1 we used their pool and the laundry machine which is top rate .
1 fantastic meal , the service and food were both perfect .
0 do n't even bother with this place .
0 this is one of the worst mc d 's .
0 ( but that thing never happened . )
0 tonight may be the last night we ever go there .
1 i got the _num_ octane with one shot and it was good .
0 this is n't the case .
0 it was however , very greasy .
0 they were busy so obviously people come here but sorely disappointed is an understatement .
1 matt was so very helpful and professional today .
1 anywho , love love love !
0 happy hour prices are ridiculous .
1 this is my favorite hotel casino in vegas .
0 apparently it 's a `` request '' not a reservation .
1 food here is also pretty good .
1 a bit pricy but well worth the money .
1 friends , family , dates , this place is perfect for everyone !
0 no wifi in the room is awful .
1 jenny is amazing at doing nails !
1 level of service was superb from the whole team .
1 great food , cool atmosphere !
0 pros -- cheap room price .
1 i stayed here with my wife for a couple of nights .
0 sugar content : extremely high .
0 she left an electronic tag on my yoga pants .
1 the staff is so attentive and professional - they are flawless .
1 i can say we all enjoyed our meals and the customer service was great .
0 no shower , etc .
1 a great place to make a great impression for a business meeting .
0 will not go back to this location again .
0 there was mold in the shower .
0 the mall itself is very old looking from the outside .
0 definitely a disappointing meal .
1 what a great shop !
1 surprisingly they have a pretty decent pool .
0 bartender is less than zero .
1 the bacon wrapped stuff dates are awesome !
0 service was friendly , but inattentive .
1 thank you so much from myself and my son !
1 you can always ask for more shots to put in your frozen delight .
1 the food came out really fast and was packed with flavor .
1 managers are extremely nice always around and checking on tables .
0 had a little fridge and microwave and glass cups , even silverware .
1 the staff is friendly and helpful even when it 's quite busy .
1 hubby had and enjoyed the jerk chicken pasta .
1 excellent italian cuisine where they will customize your meal .
1 everything we tasted were great , but by far my favorite is the lentils .
1 i 'd definitely eat there again .
1 i 'd definitely eat there again .
1 so happy we chose it as one of our dinner spots .
0 disappointed that they had run out of tempura green tea ice cream .
0 this place is the absolute worst .
1 the view from the restaurant window was terrific with the bellagio 's fountain show .
1 it was a very unique dining experience , being new to the tapas concept .
0 my boyfriend and i were both very disappointed in our stay .
1 service is immediate , bread , butter , drink orders , water all happen .
1 i was also pleased with the variety of dining choices .
1 it is worth the drive off the strip .
1 lots of fun folks running around here .
0 that is actually false , apart from the eating with your hands part .
0 it was cheap , in many ways .
1 it came out within ten minutes and was all hot and delicious .
0 this is not good business practices .
1 laugh with authentic vegas people ... god totally fun !
0 but do n't play the slots there , you ca n't win !
0 the whole enterprise is an embarrassment to good taste .
1 i could eat two of those and make it my dinner .
0 most pages wo n't load , if they do it takes 3-4 minutes .
0 refunded money , upgraded us , and gave us a late check out .
0 the room in tower i was very stuffy .
0 terrible food & bad service .
0 the starbucks wo n't take starbucks cards .
1 thank you dr. k and staff for your outstanding services .
1 for a college student this is a good place to kick it .
1 it 's just what you do ... .
1 i ate here on saturday night and i loved it .
0 the food was bad the eggs were not good !
0 i guess they truly did n't wish to sell the car .
1 i recommend getting the cheese plate appetizer and the sea bass .
1 it has a small kitchen , a good size fridge and a microwave .
0 not at all satisfied even with the discount price i paid .
0 but we notice not one difference in the room after that whole ordeal .
1 best happy hour in vegas !
0 the food was average , but the service was beyond slow .
0 the casino downstairs is okay , but not that great .
1 fat tuesday is great for getting a quick buzz .
0 absolute worst hotel i have ever stayed at .
1 amazing food at inexpensive prices .
1 this place was really good !
1 quite honestly one of the best restaurants i 've eaten at , ever.
1 seafood dishes are absolutely fresh , not bad for a chain restaurant .
1 food is excellent quality and prepared fresh and it shows in the taste .
0 disappointed to say the least and i had low expectations going into this place .
1 the drinks are good too .
0 he got so annoyed that we decided to get some sandwiches .
0 i just left ; hungry and disappointed !
0 this has to be the worst mcdonald 's i have ever been to .
0 there is no zen at this buddha dump .
1 the paradise location is the best .
1 guacamole is perfect , as is the queso fundido .
0 by this time , we were frustrated , super tired and just angry .
1 next best thing is it 's pretty mid strip !
1 i definitely got a good buzz from the octane .
0 windows so dirty you could n't see through them .
0 for a nicer experience get a suite .
1 our room was very nice .
0 but for a regular local there is n't much to see or do .
0 if you 're staying at a casino hotel , you should stay somewhere else .
0 however , we definitely will not be staying here again .
1 personally , i like the regular margaritas with an extra shot for $ _num_ .
0 i was also extremely disappointed by the customer service .
1 we had our wedding reception here and it was amazing .
1 the suite was awesome and my friends normal room was nice as well .
1 great off the strip happening spot .
0 wallpaper was patch worked & falling off the walls .
0 the bathroom in the room was moldy and musty and needed a complete remodel .
1 tip # _num_ : make sure to order the calamari to start !
1 i try to visit when in lv and really enjoy the food and service .
1 i washed my color clothes for about _num_ .
0 customer service deserves negative stars .
0 i recently stayed here on a quick _num_ night trip to vegas .
0 i do n't know if i 'll come back to this place .
0 only go here if you are expecting for over an hour to check in .
1 first , our waiter was top notch .
0 this is by far the worst experience i have had at any hotel .
0 the charge you $ _num_ for high speed internet .
0 oh , and the staff hate the guests .
1 free parking for my rental car was great .
0 the customer service was poor and unfriendly .
0 this place has never and probably will never do seafood justice .
1 amazing food and super fun ambiance !
0 the air conditioning in the room was either too cold or not working .
1 all the food is excellent there .
0 carmax was alright , but i hate buying a car .
1 the _num_ min craps were fun and a great deal .
0 quit so someone who wants to work can do it .
0 half the dessert menu requires that you order it _num_ minutes prior .
0 $ _num_ to $ _num_ for a fast food burger ?
0 and it wouldnt turn back off !
1 a very cool experience .
1 this place deserves _num_ stars !
0 apparently , english was n't her first language , either .
0 i did get a discount .
0 ok , so check this out .
0 however this time the soup tasted like a bowl of water .
0 fine , we were just wanting a few rolls and some miso anyways .
0 aside from that not worth staying there unless they comp you a room .
1 the service was attentive and the food arrived promptly and tasted delicious .
0 yeah ... not quite .
1 one of the best things i 've ever eaten in lv .
1 even the mojitos were good .
0 i think that 's so ridiculous .
0 i would never stay there again even if it was free .
0 will never stay here nor recommend it unless you want a dirt cheap hotel .
1 from all the hotels we where looking circus circus had the best price .
1 i thought that the food was very good .
0 my pain relief meds , etc .
0 beware , they only want your money .
0 nasty game they play .
1 i love this place , best gelato spot in vegas .
0 we were told that was the only available table ... but it was n't .
1 chips and salsa were really really good .
0 the tv was broken and would n't turn on .
0 chef did their part but my mood was ruined already .
1 came for happy hour .
1 ate there today and the food was really good !
0 it had a fast food food court and a questionable buffet .
0 and i honestly wanted to love this place but everything was mediocre at best .
0 they even have me comps for the buffet and comped my resort fee .
1 i definitely had one more shot , hahaha .
1 far superior to most of the hotel high dollar famous chefs .
1 everything was pretty good and once again the prices were great .
1 they also have a full bar , including a wide selection of flavored mojitos .
0 probably would not return .
1 customer service is also great .
1 i had really good time there .
1 the margarita flavor is pretty good .
0 literally little chewy rubber bands of bland breading .
0 forget this place and stay at the tropicana !
0 they said no because we had insurance .
1 the staff , for the most part is friendly and accommodating .
1 i like that they have two different menus .
1 great attention and service .
0 this place is a disgusting joke .
0 smelly , smelly , smelly .
0 its ridiculous to pay for parking and then for there to be none .
1 nice white wine list .
1 the sides were good too ... some flavored rice , and black beans .
0 _num_ minutes later , no water .
1 customer service is always friendly .
1 that was a fun afternoon .
1 i definitely loved the selections we all got .
0 then _num_ mins just to get our food .
1 always add a shot though .
1 its great for large groups or a small date .
1 the sangria is also super tasty .
0 this is completely unacceptable .
0 that would have been nice to know at booking .
0 wo n't be using them again if possible .
1 awesome ... authentic street food .
0 the best cheap hotel that i prefer is the flamingo .
0 i was so disappointed with the deal .
1 _num_ octane and hurricane together are great .
0 why do they even put people in such conditions ?
1 they definitely topped my expectations .
1 it really has that caribbean feel to it .
1 the inside is beautiful .
0 all flash , no substance .
0 i would only stay here again if i was desperate .
1 housekeeping did a fantastic job keeping my room clean for a week .
1 happy hour on point and the drinks are strong !
1 both were very delicate and rich in flavors .
0 free shuttle to rio , bally 's and paris .
1 i was impressed with the monorail !
0 the place is nothing special .
1 the food was delicious and the servers were very friendly and helpful !
1 the service was quite good as was the food .
0 the maintenance man that came was grumpy and halfway rude .
1 highly recommend these folks !
1 the pasta was so delicious .
1 great find in the area .
1 thank you once again , i will back again soon .
0 price for both w/ coffee - $ _num_ .
0 excalibur did n't disappoint my low expectations .
1 but our dragon family style meal was outstanding !
0 there are only _num_ customers in the whole place !
1 great deal for _num_ of us .
1 they had lots of military guns to choose from and their prices were great !
1 will defiantly be coming back !
0 you ca n't sell until you pay it off completely .
0 like i said , its basically a holiday inn on the strip .
1 pleasant atmosphere with cool decor .
1 great restaurant that we go to every time we 're in town .
1 it was that good .
1 service and suits were good , but wanted a second opinion before buying .
1 you must also try their sparkling sangria ... very good .
1 the one thing i will mention about the tapas : seafood dishes are good .
0 the wall paper in the bathroom was peeling .
0 told her it was unacceptable .
0 `` cough drops ? ''
0 the size of this place is ridiculously small .
1 but the dates were incredible .
1 if you are in las vegas , treat yourself to this las vegas landmark .
1 i loved all the items they carry .
1 chips and salsa are great !
1 the pizza with the egg on top was phenomenal .
1 extremely strong and delicious drinks .
0 i can not wait to check out of this place .
0 instead of relaxing i had to listen to these little kids run around .
0 driving there and back just took an hour out of my day .
0 _num_ of them _num_ star , _num_ of them _num_ star .
0 the bagel : nothing special at all .
0 if i could , i would give them _num_ stars .
0 this place is nasty .
1 delicious and left enough room for the pie .
1 i also appreciate that they make their own pastrami .
1 i always have the sangria .
0 they definately are not maintained however .
1 definitely recommend this place so far .
0 nothing to report there .
1 cool atmosphere , great staff and terrific food .
0 he was much better than the waiter .
1 a lot of food for what you pay too !
1 the ceviche was amazing , the bacon wrapped dates were also amazing .
0 these diced potatoes were mushy and sticky in a weird kind of way .
0 suffice it to say , i will never stay here again .
1 everything was a success .
1 gambling is relaxed and fun , many new upgrades have been done .
0 then he stared at us and wondered why he did n't get a tip .
0 our two boys were so excited to go for the first time .
0 please improve , do n't make me stop coming here altogether .
1 excellent , cool and refreshing on a hot vegas day !
1 great place to go and prices were reasonable !
1 i 've been here twice now , and i 'll be back again !
0 i had no other choice , i was told to stay here .
0 have been here maybe _num_ years ago , pretty disappointing .
1 the almond stuffed dates are awesome !
1 i had the jerk shrimp appetizer with the cuban bread and loved it .
0 ok , i guess it 's self service .
1 great service , fresh bagels , great prices .
1 the service was great and the portion size was just the right amount .
1 if you 're in vegas this is the nike for you .
0 my friend and i were getting the $ _num_ spa mani and pedi .
0 you know when it is bad when their dessert are not home made .
1 great place for visitors from out of town or for special occasions .
0 wifi did n't work .
1 the penne ala vodka was good .
0 we got there and immediately noticed it was very hot !
0 do n't waste your time here !
0 harrahs is not where i will be staying ever again .
1 fun atmosphere , and delicious .
0 i did n't even stay here so i am reviewing their casino floor .
0 the room itself was decent , nothing special .
0 overall , i do not regret my surgery , i regret using them .
1 i got the lobster gnocchi which was pretty good .
0 not happy with them .
0 the whole thing is disgusting .
0 i left a message and never got a call back .
1 that makes a start to for a fun day .
1 the room was decent and clean and the staff was helpful and polite .
1 you can also check in early so you have a table waiting .
0 wo n't go back .
1 try it once , and you 'll be hooked .
1 i highly recommend spago .
1 the twin sisters that play are awesome !
0 it was a bit strange .
0 beds are comfy but it 's downhill from there .
1 i hear they got a spot like this in the bay now too .
0 miso soup was way too salty .
1 everything is always fresh but perhaps a little pricey .
0 did i say horrible ?
1 yelp helped me find the place for a business meeting , everyone loved it .
0 this was my worst automotive decision ever .
1 saved us a cab ride or _num_ !
0 wait times are incredibly long .
0 there is construction being done at 7am and they were not aware .
0 there were hardly people there and it was n't fun at all .
1 chips came with fresh guacamole and salsa .
0 later i found out that it is a korean run restaurant .
1 was n't expecting much , but had a wonderful dinner with amazingly cooked meat .
1 seriously the nicest and honest sales man that u ever need .
1 everyone in the office is pleasant and chatty .
1 love love love this place !
1 love love love this place !
1 the service is friendly and impeccable .
1 the presentation of the dishes looks fantastic .
0 everything seems to be a little more bland .
1 great wines , seafood , short ribs ... everything was exceptional .
1 the restaurant is absolutely stunning .
0 th pool area was okay , nothing special .
1 great bagels , great eats , fun environment !
0 it is literally just a decent place to sleep and shower .
1 the wait staff is great and the prices are good .
0 very fishy and rotten smell .
1 highly recommend this hospital for children they truly and honestly care for their patients .
0 purchased weekend stay thru expedia .
1 they are this amazing combination of tart , sweet , and refreshing .
1 and agnolotti pasta was excellent !
0 the arcade is awful .
0 the hotel amenities are among the worst on the strip .
0 nothing luxury about it .
0 not paying for something that i did not receive .
0 i own the business across the street and they always waste my time .
0 i never once got cold food .
1 our waiter was very attentive and friendly .
1 best place to have lunch and or dinner .
1 although i 'm not an expert on mexican food i enjoyed this experience .
0 to begin this hotel was relatively expensive compared to some places here in vegas .
1 he is super nice and helpful .
0 eventually , many of my friends stayed here and i went elsewhere .
0 but at night they are slower than slow .
0 and now here i am _num_ days later still throwing up .
1 the bread was really good too .
0 i have never seen an air filter as filthy as this one .
0 first off , who puts pink roses on a ninja turtle cake ?
1 i give this place _num_ stars for their sushi and sushi chef .
0 i agree with all the bad reviews , save your money !
0 this is absolutely ridiculous !
1 excellent service and selection .
0 do n't settle just to be on the strip .
1 ambiance was trendy and romantic - great date spot .
1 the tapas platters were all each very good .
0 i just checked into the contemporary superior room and am definitely not impressed .
1 great food and great service with an incredible ambiance !
1 the best part is it 's free !
0 the room was nice though .
1 staff , food and eric the chef ... top notch !
1 good dining experience , but a bit pricey .
0 also the water served did n't taste that good .
0 get to the room and ugh .
1 overall , wonderful dining experience .
1 price for rooms were great .
0 but you get what you pay for ... not much .
0 it 's very unfortunate , because the food was very delicious .
0 the only plus was the location , which was next door to my conference .
0 so , _num_ minutes later , we were finally on our way .
1 service was great and the food was an adventure .
1 the food here was delicious .
0 there was no central ac .
0 warning : to all future vegas tourists , this is overpriced .
1 the food was always good .
1 i recommend stopping by .
0 they said that area is full is so ridiculous .
1 always a good time : ) cheers !
1 it was overall a good stay and i would definitely come back .
0 the wifi was `` down '' for the whole time we stayed there .
0 it ruined out trip .
1 they have so much flavor !
0 yeah , just do n't .
0 yeah , just do n't .
0 since i could not get back to sleep , i decided to go out .
0 there on business and not good .
0 front desk was not helpful at all .
1 they took care of us pretty good.
1 drinks were excellent , and the food was unbelievable .
1 my favorites are the eggplant cannelloni and the dates .
0 buffet was pretty bad ... see my review for it .
0 when we arrived , we were told there would be a _num_ minute wait .
0 if you want them to print out your boarding pass another $ _num_ .
1 the guy serving me was very friendly and efficient .
0 free wi-fi advertised but very weak signal - constantly lost contact .
0 he did n't offer us desserts i had to ask for it myself .
0 did not even offer water at the time we placed the order .
0 i have stayed there maybe 10-15 times .
0 $ _num_ chicken wings - basic order wings , hot sauce , ranch .
1 the layout of this store is so very nice .
0 seriously , no other way to describe it other than butt .
0 i came back _num_ minutes later to find the car still sitting there .
0 i came back _num_ minutes later to find the car still sitting there .
0 the food was decent , but the server was horrible .
1 overall it was great .
0 love the con ... hate the venue .
1 the place is divey for sure , but it 's great !
1 they have a great selection of beers and cocktails in the happy hour !
0 the only bright spot was buca di beppo .
1 the food is absolutely amazing , great selection , kind manager .
0 this place is essentially the motel _num_ of the strip .
0 i could bare my hear the waiter or the other guests at my table .
0 trash is everywhere inside and outside .
0 this is a piece of crap property .
0 i 'm glad i did n't .
0 there has to better choices off the strip .
0 waste of money and overrated !
1 i got the paella and really enjoyed .
0 there 's no safety bolt on the door .
1 had an amazing , cozy , romantic dinner with my husband .
0 the portion are not satisfying for the price you have to pay per dish .
1 this is fine dining .
0 drove past this place so many times over the years and never stopped .
0 i like that this location is off the strip so probably not as busy .
0 finally after _num_ hours decided to deal with once in vegas .
0 went to the cafe for diner and there _num_ prime rib special .
1 it is great food , great service and great atmosphere .
0 it 's just too bad that they 're stuck at this crappy hotel .
0 she 's hard at hearing .
1 the empanadas were very good and the dipping sauce even better .
0 even the mustard was tasteless and old tasting .
0 i 'm sure they 'll go out of business soon .
0 the safe in the room did not work .
0 i highly doubt they are serving fresh chicken .
0 this place said no to separate checks , so many of our group left .
0 the parent was in the actual dining room , not the play area room .
0 instead , he came back and gave me a new card .
0 this was a huge mistake .
1 the food taste sooooo good .
0 good food but bad service .
1 our server was very nice and patient .
1 the hotel also has access to the monorail .
0 food is a _num_ if i could rate it .
0 still the same horrible quality .
0 still the same horrible quality .
0 did n't think much about it since we were n't staying there .
0 _num_ hours later , i returned to my room .
0 i think circus circus is better than this place .
0 i just signed up for yelp to write a review of this hotel .
1 the assortment of breads is great , esp .
0 i 've stayed here almost every time i visit vegas .
0 i have never stayed at a hotel and seen this .
0 we will not stay here next time .
1 absolutely wonderful service , staff , and care .
1 the food is still great and i 'll be back again and again .
1 i 've had great service at discount firearms !
1 it 's always good walking through in here !
1 , but overall we were happy with our decision to try this place !
0 while both were pretty good , neither were great .
0 well there went my night .
1 this is a nice place to hang out i will be back asap .
0 i am not impressed at all .
0 stains on the carpet , and the beds were in horrible condition .
0 i could 've eaten that thing with a spoon !
0 so i booked the room .
1 i loved this monorail .
1 the chips with salsa and guacamole is a must !
0 we stayed in the `` better tower '' which is number _num_ .
1 wonderful food at the cafe side .
0 staff was friendly , but food was not all that great .
0 i woke up one morning to find cockroaches crawling over my shoes .
0 they did n't give us the drinks with the kids meals .
1 i loved my sweet and sour pork .
0 there are no mirrors in the rooms besides the one in the bathroom .
1 wolfgang 's chinese take on chicken salad still is the best !
1 i also loved the shrimp with chili sauce ; lots of spice and flavor .
1 good homemade food in a restaurant .
0 it put a bad taste in all our mouths .
1 great place to come to get traditional filipino food .
0 you would think someone would get _num_ + _num_ .
1 the casino always has a good vibe and the rooms are always clean .
0 after ordering brownie with ice cream i gave up .
0 no bugs , but i did find hair ... and lots of it !
0 do n't waist your money on this filthy dirty place !
0 i think it sums up how old and backwards the hotel is .
1 this place gets a good crowd .
1 my husband and i stayed here for three nights .
1 we sat at the bar and bartender did a great job serving us .
0 will not come again and will not suggest to any of my friends .
0 it does n't smell weird , either .
0 i ca n't say i enjoyed myself here .
1 love the table games here .
0 it practically sounded like the windows were open .
0 the walls are also paper thin .
1 i am so glad that i found this place !
1 i really do love this place .
0 i 'm better off going to a different furniture company .
0 but why is it so damn cold at night during the summer !
1 everything we 've tried here has been great .
1 happy hour is great .
1 the staff is incredibly friendly and really make you feel welcome .
0 my stylist was rude and was shaking when she was doing my hair .
0 avoid this place at all costs if you are going there for food !
1 my pasta with roasted rabbit was soooooo good and tender .
0 speaking of towels , the pool is n't open at all .
1 we tried _num_ dishes and loved them all .
1 the people complaining are just those people that are never happy .
1 i got the combo pho soup with beef and meatballs .
0 i had a hot water leak under my house .
0 but food really was a major let down .
1 the food is good and reasonably priced .
1 central to the strip and beautiful through and through .
1 overall we had a great experience and would return to circus circus .
1 lobster shanghai style was delicious .
0 but this property in las vegas is old , dirty and low class now .
1 really enjoyed the pineapple margarita that was recommended by server .
1 some of them are outstanding at that .
1 the food was surprisingly tasty .
0 its not that it is a dive .
1 the rooms are nice , clean , comfortable and the price is very reasonable .
0 the huge pool was not open during our whole stay .
0 i am completely amazed .
0 i wo n't return here !
0 there is a serious lack of communication at this hotel .
1 i recommend the cat _num_ hurricane with an extra shot for $ _num_ .
1 i recommend everyone that i know to it .
0 beds are hard and there is no fridge or microwave .
0 the ceiling has an ugly water leak stain across the top .
1 great service and great value .
0 it took _num_ mins to check because they could n't find our reservation .
0 plenty of other better ayce restaurants in vegas .
0 she could of just said no .
1 which just helped the already beautiful atmosphere .
0 harrah 's is in serious need of a complete renovation top to bottom .
0 next time i think we will pay the extra money to stay elsewhere .
0 i could n't get help because no one seemed to understand english .
1 amazing food , this location it is always pretty packed so plan accordingly .
0 not comfortable at all .
1 really , really liked this place .
0 this was the last hotel stay during our national park tour before flying home .
0 the staff and dealers are rude .
0 i hate seeing good people get treated like garbage .
0 i would strongly urge anyone to think twice about going here .
0 the dinning options here are not acceptable .
0 i could not win with these rooms .
1 loved my spinach salad and the salmon and sweet corn were to die for .
1 thank you firefly and aaron for a wonderful meal and fabulous drinks !
0 was n't too impressed with the room though .
0 horrible customer service and cleanliness , i guess you get what you pay for .
0 sorry harrah but you lost our business .
0 do n't waste your time .
0 do n't waste your time .
0 worst service , i checked out early .
0 we are n't coming back .
0 our poor experience started right away .
0 hubby steps in and says it 's the brakes .
0 sadly , excalibur managed to screw up my reservation .
1 the price of the passes is very affordable & worth every penny .
1 _num_ happy hours and mojitos are amazing .
0 there were no other customers in there except for me .
1 rx for a good time ... .
1 the carne is always cooked to perfection .
1 great prices as well .
0 only about _num_ customers .
1 lamb chops are also amazing , actually everything on the menu is amazing .
1 the food was great and the service was even better !
0 the worst place i have ever been in my life !
1 i really appreciate they do anything to saved my phone .
1 we had great service and even better food .
1 they have so many different items to please any palette .
1 great food for great value !
0 so a week later again they call me your car ready come get it .
1 the pasta was tasty and addicting .
0 i was so disappointed by everything .
0 first of all , it was slow .
1 also the bread service was awesome .
1 the food is always well cooked , with fresh ingredients and depth of flavor .
0 it was that bad .
1 the service was fantastic , the appetizers excellent and the drinks strong .
0 worst pickup experience ever .
1 this place is great !
1 this place is great !
1 this place is great !
0 requested extra pillows , given a hard time .
1 the service was friendly and efficient as well .
1 magic in ones mouth !
1 this hotel is not amazing , but for the price , it is good.
1 great service , been here couple times and never a let down .
1 next time we go to vegas we will definitely do this again .
0 the sales people and owner are not honest .
0 ( without a picture ) what a nightmare .
0 a few times we just parked at new york new york and walked over .
1 the people who work there are very friendly and helpful .
1 my three kids loved it .
1 they came highly recommended by friends and we 'd recommend them as well .
1 they 've got a great wine list as well .
0 another had a cigarette burn in it .
0 another had a cigarette burn in it .
1 they have great food and their bagels are amazing .
1 service was fast and food was great .
1 kids had a great time .
1 the wild mushroom enchiladas are amazing .
0 terrible terrible terrible place .
1 both are very refreshing and a good combination of ingredients .
1 i would recommend this place .
1 this place is addicting !
0 only check this place out if you 're in the area .
0 only problem we had was the noise factor !
1 visiting for the weekend and found i yelp .
0 i 'm sorry i understand things go up but not _num_ .
1 every time i come here my family and i always enjoy our dishes !
0 ( it 's kind of like popcorn , smoke , and pee ) .
0 i stayed there this past friday night i was in a room _num_ .
0 next time im going to the butcher block on south rainbow .
1 staff was very nice and accomodating .
1 spago is always one of the best ... .
1 it 's refreshing with their coconut shrimp pasta .
0 to me , that 's unacceptable , regardless of how cheap the rooms are .
0 had a _num_ dollar coupon from their web sight .
0 we did receive awesome discounts for food and drinks .
1 take the time to swing by and have some fun !
1 i love this environment .
1 it definitely has that appeal .
1 it 's a reasonable price here so worth the wait .
0 the tuna tartare looked like cat food .
0 what bother me the most was the fact that i asked for water twice .
0 they did n't bother to move the seats forward to vacuum .
0 it was room _num_ .
1 i love their margaritas also .
0 this has never happened to me at any hotel or motel , ever !
0 the basics in hotel amenities were not met .
1 great , great place .
1 i loved the way they delivered the food ... .
0 so , then he takes _num_ minutes to bring me cocktail sauce .
1 try it and you 'll see .
0 it was all bland .
0 too bad i did n't have much time and just wanted the battery replaced .
0 this place is an absolute joke .
1 one of my favorite places since moving to vegas .
0 each time i went there , i took advantage of the tuesday special .
0 the decor has n't changed in years .
1 then i shot at the range today !
0 all they did was to offer me a refund on my resort taxes .
1 fantastic food and service .
0 the worst service i have had .
1 we had a caesar that was very good .
1 the food is delicious !
0 the chicken wings were way too sweet .
1 highly recommended and a must have for every vegas trip i take !
1 it was decent , not terrible .
0 could 've used a little tlc .
1 nice rooms and huge casino .
0 that 's so frustrating .
1 when back in vegas , we will definitely dine here again .
0 the problem is everything else .
1 luckily , since i had reserved a table i was seated right away .
0 they took _num_ days to set up the internet and still didnt get there .
1 great service and great people ... .
1 needless to say that was a hit with the entire group !
1 you meet wonderful people of every age .
1 thank you once again for an excellent stay !
1 really a good place to unwind .
1 i definitely appreciated the gesture .
0 as i mentioned before , pass .
0 nope ... was n't me .
1 our server was very entertaining and really catered to our needs .
1 overall it was a great experience .
0 the wait was _num_ minutes which was fine .
0 maybe ... no , definitely avoid their chicken .
1 just as fun as the real thing !
0 this room is painted white with nothing in it .
0 she did nothing and diagnosed nothing .
1 the food is reasonably priced and everything i have tried is amazing .
0 room : old , dirty , used up .
1 my mom loves everything on the menu .
0 also the bathrooms have no tubs , just standing showers .
0 i wo n't be back again .
1 i am sure the other flavors are great as well .
0 i asked them what happened and they told me it was already like that .
1 the corn agnolotti pasta dish is soooo delicious .
1 matt had me in the right direction and i picked an awesome wig !
1 this place cracks me up !
0 it does not compare to the one in southern california which is way newer .
1 rooms are clean , stocked , and smells really good .
1 tip : expand to the airport ... .
1 strawberry is great too .
0 bed is rock hard and the lights in the bathroom do n't work .
0 there are plenty of options for grabbing a quick bite .
1 this is my favorite casual restaurant in all of vegas to date !
1 enjoy it if you 're in vegas .
0 but the rooms are tiny and the beds are not that great .
0 overall a terrible experience .
0 one of my least favorite ross locations .
1 its reasonably priced and pretty fast .
0 he made my sandwiches , then cut them wrapped them and put them aside .
1 this is the best spanish restaurant period !
1 the best part was we shared it !
0 this particular experience was un acceptable .
1 the food was great , and the prices were even better .
1 but vegas offers few choices so we went .
0 it was rather dry considering it 's price .
1 the best cheapest way to get around .
0 it was undercooked in places , lacked cheese and flavor !
1 i recomend the squash soup , so creamy and full of flavor .
1 this was a great little place tucked away off the strip .
1 doug was my instructor the first time an he is great .
0 be cautious and remember you get what you pay for !
1 overall we had a great experience .
0 this is certainly not a place fork people who want to eat healthy .
0 cost : $ _num_ plus taxes fees etc .
0 was told i would be contacted by risk management but never heard a word .
1 let me tell you , it was strong but the flavor was so good !
1 of all the apple stores in vegas , this one is my personal favorite .
1 big rich was a fabulous tour guide .
0 left disappointed and empty handed .
0 horrible service , dirty rooms and broken tvs !
0 it was very dated and the wall paper was peeling .
1 this is the best thing ever ... do it !
0 drain in the bath tub could n't keep up with the shower .
1 employees and courteous and friendly .
1 the salsa was pretty good and tasted homemade and authentic .
1 everything is good here & drinks are good .
1 good fine dining food .
0 i paid _num_ too much .
0 do not put your vacation in risk !
1 i really hope this chain makes its way over to the east coast .
1 i 've always appreciated good art and the modern masters exhibit is wonderful .
0 i did not like the sauce .
1 your voice recognition we were so pleased by her professionalism and sincere hospitality .
0 room was n't great by any standard .
1 everything was great , in particular the chicken .
0 took us _num_ min to get someone to open it .
1 clean and very friendly staff .
0 unfortunately , the server had no idea either .
1 great food for the price !
0 this would be that place .
0 prepare to be approached by timeshare salesmen .
1 very good with the octopus and lamb chops my favorites .
0 unfortunately this last stay rubbed me wrong at the start .
1 i would definitely recommend checking this place out .
0 not worth the money no matter how cold it was .
1 it 's nice and creamy the way i like it .
1 the staff here is genuine and actually listen to your shopping needs .
1 really good tapas , but go for happy hour .
1 they did a good job .
0 so a week later i get call from them it 's ready .
1 crab , prime rib , ribs ... yum !
0 we called back , were put on hold and disconnected .
1 he was very efficient and knowledgeable and made my experience great .
0 but the next trip , we 're definitely staying elsewhere .
0 when it arrived it looked , smelled and tasted like a frozen pizza .
1 the food , the ambient , everything is amazing !
1 we started with the chips , salsa and guacamole which was very good .
0 especially in _num_ degree plus weather .
1 my friends all loved the dish too and could n't get enough of it .
0 this is not a good hotel .
0 this is not a good hotel .
0 this is not a good hotel .
0 this is not a good hotel .
1 the staff from the valet to the vendors were super nice & professional .
1 great quick service with a happy staff .
0 cheap place to stay .
0 the room was equally bad .
0 people pay for the service you provide and your service is terrible .
1 this is a great way to get around vegas .
0 i 'm just so disappointed with their customer care attitude .
1 this restaurant was a great surprise to me .
0 i suggest spending your money elsewhere .
1 very quick to deliver .
0 they have no courtesy whatsoever .
0 the room had two small lights .
1 perfect place for tapas !
0 told us that it would be a _num_ minute wait .
1 i 'll be back again !
1 loved the petite filet ... great deal for $ _num_ .
1 great location and they have a lot of penny slots .
1 what a cool place .
1 an extensive wine list and we get to enjoy the fountain in our seat .
1 banana bread pudding was a great conclusion .
1 also great selection of authentic new york style deli offerings .
0 walk into most other hotels on the strip and then walk into the excalibur .
0 i 'm not even exaggerating .
1 i was so happy to get the good news from them .
0 gals , i know what you go through and i feel ya !
1 happy hour at the bar is fun as they give you little appetizers .
1 so the rating is for the food and our specific server .
0 this place smells like shit and cigarettes !
0 this one 's terrible .
1 love love this place .
1 a reasonably priced and great tasting drink .
1 the kitchen prepared one for me and it was heaven !
0 this place was awful .
1 my husband and i enjoyed lunch there on sunday .
0 outlets are an issue , and garbage cans are super small .
0 most hotels do n't care , besides we only wanted an hour extra time !
0 the next time i 'm in lv , i 'll be skipping this place .
1 great service and wonderful cocktails .
1 meatloaf is the best !
1 the greatest food ever !
1 the atmosphere here is hype be trendy and the vibe is phenomenal .
0 their signature restaurants are buca de beppo and dick 's last resort .
0 then acted like using my boyfriends rewards card was illegal .
1 she has a great personality and was extremely helpful .
1 great place for dates !
1 will definitely go back .
0 it was total crap .
0 this place is way over rated .
0 not a hello welcome or anything .
1 has all the new slot machines and awesome stores inside the casino .
0 i ca n't believe it is still in business .
0 i would not come back .
1 this place has great happy hour specials !
1 doug was our instructor and he was great .
1 on the whole , a wonderful experience .
1 us texas gals love guacamole !
1 we simply loved it .
1 best tapas and best value !
1 it was the perfect dish .
1 great hotel for fun vacation with kids .
1 my tuna was seared perfectly leaving the inside a tender sashimi .
0 rest of staff never gave me a shit .
1 this is a place i am always up for going to .
0 it 's two saturdays before xmas and the mall is packed .
1 this was miles above on both flavor and texture .
1 delicious , great atmosphere , friendly service , gourmet mexican food !
0 the deal was for all week not just thursday or maybe friday .
1 thank you so much ... i 'm beyond happy !
1 it is perfectly portioned and the food tasted great too .
1 great service great food and great service .
1 one of my favorite places to eat in vegas .
0 well there are still trouble shooting steps that you can take . ''
0 not even cadillac would have charged me that much .
0 are the empty beer and water glasses not enough of a clue ?
1 would recommend this place to everyone .
1 plenty of space to do makeup and hair .
0 customer service was terrible !
1 this place has a great view of the canal .
1 best thing i paid for in vegas during these hot summer months .
1 the dinner buffet is pretty decent , but could use some work .
0 do n't get fooled by the low rates .
1 next time i go i might try something new !
0 _num_ ) no water pressure to speak of in the shower .
1 i live right near it and always mean to hit it again .
1 i loved loved loved all of my floral decor !
0 it is not like you are going to stay in the room that long .
0 the carpet is nasty .
1 excellent , fairly affordable tapas in las vegas .
0 with that in mind , this hotel did not impress me very much .
1 the flautas were perfectly executed , tasty , crispy outside , flavorful chicken inside .
1 the staff was incredible though .
0 the room and hallway look tired and dumpy .
1 i will definitely always come back to dragon noodle for some delicious sushi .
0 the cafe was decent for breakfast but we ate our other meals elsewhere .
0 i used to think the strip was the shit .
0 other than that i know why my stay was only $ _num_ a night !
1 hard to get decent east coast bagels here and this place hit it .
1 very surprised at seeing the seafood selection .
0 parking is a mess and way over priced .
1 lemonade was best i have tasted .
1 service , atmosphere , drinks and food .
1 highly recommend this store .
1 this place is great .
1 this place is great .
1 this place is great .
1 this place is great .
1 this place is great .
1 if you 're a local there is a nice discount as well .
0 because it was , it really was .
1 the food is very tasty and quite plentiful .
0 this hotel is cheap , so it brings in lower end customers .
1 the buffet for lunch is great .
0 she said `` no unless you use room service . ''
1 this is one of our favorite places to eat in las vegas .
1 they had an amazing selection .
0 they try to sell you a time share and waste your day !
1 great waiter , great service , wonderful drinks and food !
1 even if you do n't refill it it 's a great deal .
1 they were so sweet and funny .
0 freaking long line but they only have _num_ employees working .
0 a confusing parking structure with zero signage to help you get to the hotel .
1 the atmosphere was a refreshing change from all the hotel restaurants .
1 it 's a great menu with good service and a superb location .
0 if i could give this hotel _num_ stars , i would .
1 it was unique and very good .
1 always make it a mission to have one when in vegas !
0 i went here for dinner last night because i was craving a margherita pizza .
1 most evenings , a light , but free , dinner .
0 embarrassing for las vegas .
0 bar food in a dirty run down place .
0 i was grossly too slow on giving up on her !
1 the nurses and doctors we interacted with were all wonderful , friendly and professional .
1 you 'll thank me later .
1 you 'll thank me later .
0 to cap it off we could n't get a cab for about _num_ minutes .
1 the salsa was a perfect slightly spicy thin consistency .
0 reception desk people are less than friendly .
1 this place is pretty cool because there was a tv in the bathroom !
1 we were lucky enough that it stopped right at our hotel .
0 our room smelled awful and the floor was wet .
1 and i like the sangria - just writing this makes me happy !
1 my husband had the steak and eggs and the steak was juicy and tender .
1 this is one of the best restaurants on the strip .
0 we walked the strip and were stopped twice more on way in .
0 we walked the strip and were stopped twice more on way in .
1 i had dinner and the food was great , service was great !
0 employees look miserable and hardly anyone is smiling .
0 this gentleman was very accommodating and polite .
0 both times we went and ordered our food they screwed up our sandwiches .
1 they are also updating the hotel and everything will be new and fresh soon .
1 i strongly recommend anyone to come in and experience a wonderful time !
1 the tapas were great with many variety .
0 worst denny 's ever !
0 worst denny 's ever !
0 the halls smell , and the rooms are small and ugly .
0 no , thank you , that 's not what i needed .
1 the cookies are also awesome !
0 well , its actually two free drinks per stay , not day .
1 the food and service were great .
0 the one star was for the nasty museum attendants not for the museum itself .
0 all sorts of seafood but not an overwhelming fishy flavor .
0 the colors are just dreadful .
1 what a pleasant surprise !
0 because it was so hard , it was n't nice to eat either .
0 the new manager there was awful no people skills what so ever .
1 bagels fresh and new york style .
0 the toilet water was all over the wrap that i carry my baby in .
0 fair selection on cars and all but had a terrible experience .
1 do n't get me wrong , i really enjoyed the food .
0 i really do n't understand how this place had such good reviews .
0 rooms are very old and tired .
1 rooms were really nice .
1 my love for this place still remains strong .
1 definitely a fun time !
0 because the steamed rice was edible , i decided to be fair .
0 checking in , the lady was rude .
1 customer service was amazing , our salesperson was brenda .
0 there just feels like there 's nothing special here .
0 it was really disgusting .
0 i paid $ _num_ for early check in and it was ready as promised .
1 thank you we love it .
1 employees seemed happy and nice .
1 the stuffed dates are a party in my mouth !
0 the place has aged and is in need of some serious updating and renovation .
0 the light in the lamp was falling out .
1 everyone is always extremely helpful , friendly , and efficient .
0 whether you 're on a smoking floor or not , you are .
1 the prices are very reasonable .
0 avoid this place like the plague !
1 you can really tell they have a passion for what they do .
0 i rarely take the time to write a review but everything here was terrible .
1 the food here was great !
1 very pretty at night time .
0 i will not be coming back here .
0 these guys have no clue what customer service is .
0 merchandise looks dirty and not well taken care of .
0 first impression - the carpet and hallway were dirty and dingy .
0 this is the worst experience i 've ever had in vegas .
0 the food was good but the people working tonight were miserable .
0 the soda fountains are so dirty they do n't taste like soda .
0 for starters , i ordered the _num_ course wine pairing .
1 it is very fast and convenient .
0 i upgraded to a suite & honestly it looked like a regular room .
0 min then i had to wait for _num_ hrs just for a oil change .
0 awful , awful , awful !
0 i advise that you avoid this place at all costs .
0 could n't even get the car up the tiny incline of our driveway .
1 from the minute you walk in everyone is extremely nice & very helpful .
1 easy to find , so go and enjoy the experience .
1 great staff , always friendly .
1 i had one in hand constantly last time i visited .
0 we went into our room and it was dark and it smelled really bad .
1 i will have sweets dreams of all these amazing flavors .
0 literally , 10+ an hour .
1 the serving was gigantic and easily shared .
1 wine selection is also amazing !
0 they were very courteous and helpful .
0 totally ruined my vegas vacation !
0 when we arrived at our room , someone else was inside already .
1 great view of the strip as well .
1 could get a bit busy at times but overall it 's great .
1 keep up the professional great service !
1 i really enjoyed the walk through , although it can be a little confusing .
1 the best tapas in town .
1 it pays to go here .
1 cheap happy hour drinks as well .
1 it 's a good place to stay if you have small kids .
1 if you see an open seat , you 're lucky - take it .
1 an experience i 'll never forget !
1 always a fun and happy place to be in .
0 i wo n't listen to them next time .
1 everything was very good and reasonably priced .
0 the service was n't that good , either .
1 we even brought kids with us one time , and they enjoyed the food .
0 we were ignored by almost every staff member .
0 the a/c in our room was so loud ... sounded like something was broken .
1 as far as vegas goes this is the best !
1 but the fact that i love oysters makes me come here .
0 needless to say , this was incredibly annoying .
1 the sweet corn was so good !
0 everything else was just as disappointing .
1 but if you want a chain style caribbean version , bahama breeze is great .
0 figure out how to get them the basics quickly .
1 a local suggested this to me and i can see why !
0 good thing about it is that it is open _num_ hours .
0 is n't this damn hotel geared toward families ?
0 they just rude , `` what do you want ?
1 the burrito is especially good and so is the guacamole .
0 - it feels dirty .
1 i love you james .
1 i go here every year taking friends , and spago is first class period .
0 there was a bath bar , facial bar , and bottle of hand lotion .
1 this is a great deli to eat at in lv .
1 the range even provides the gun and ammo !
0 the only problem was the bed and the awful sheets !
0 it was n't even my order .
0 as soon as you walk in the door , you can smell the smoke .
0 this _num_ year old property still has no wi-fi .
1 the food is actually pretty good here .
0 however , the casino and the buffet are pretty disappointing .
1 sangria and mojitos are smooth plus their calamari and paella are delicious .
1 it 's clean , well lit , and seems very safe .
0 it was never cleaned and they allowed us to check in still .
0 $ _num_ menu states comes with your choice of potatoes and veggies .
0 i stayed in tower _num_ for _num_ days !
0 i tried to reach house keeping could not , waited forty minutes on hold .
1 it is huge and has an exciting feel to it .
0 my mistake i forgot to show my groupon .
0 felt this would be a better fit than the hard rock for them .
0 felt this would be a better fit than the hard rock for them .
1 i had a great experience .
1 as usual , outstanding !
1 well worth your time .
1 great front desk staff and the rooms are cozy and nice .
0 why are posted hours till 1am .
1 this place was so good !
0 maybe she had a bad night .
1 i had fresh pasta and it was perfect al dente .
1 i heart tapas and firefly does it perfectly .
1 drinks are strong and the food is tasty !
0 the rooms were not that great .
1 lunch special selections are great !
1 mac n cheese was good not great .
0 but , my recent experiences have been disappointing .
0 try it , but do n't say i did n't warn you .
1 great food , great enviroment , great drinks , friendly and great service !
0 the floor we were on and the room itself were musty and moldy smelling .
0 very uncomfortable to watch other folks eat .
0 nigiri was not fresh .
0 had egg foo young for lunch , which was ok .
0 we could n't have really asked for any more in that department .
0 not so happy with my _num_ night stay .
1 the _num_ bedroom suite was perfect for everyone .
0 rooms were old , smelled of smoke and wet carpet .
0 it really was fine , nothing bad or gross .
0 rooms are not all that great .
1 pretty good food overall .
0 service could have been better .
1 i live in vegas and this restaurant is one of my favorite places .
0 i 'm very disappointed with this place .
0 on the way to our table we counted _num_ empty tables .
1 which was pretty cool .
1 well worth the money for sure !
1 hubby loved the mushroom enchiladas , i somewhat enjoyed the shrimp burrito .
0 i walked out of her office that day and will not return ever !
0 the prices are cheap and it is for a good reason .
1 star service and food !
1 everything was well prepared and it was a great presentation .
0 the sports book is small and cramped , as is the poker room .
1 loud but lively atmosphere .
1 affordable , wonderful food - definitely try the sausage and the meatballs !
0 so , they came and ripped off the blow dryer from the wall .
1 the black and white cookie is great also !
0 we also had $ _num_ worth of clothing removed from our room .
0 i had a jambalaya and it was just awful .
0 my 10th time to vegas and this is my least favorite hotel .
0 i walked in and it looked no one had cleaned it .
1 it came with the most delicious tomatoes in balsamic and warm potato salad .
1 i ended up buying a las vegas shirt here and it 's great quality .
1 loved the salad and the very attentive service .
1 and their bread basket is great !
1 the place was small , and intimate and allowed you to socialize with friends .
0 i ordered the chicken fried steak .
0 had to add water to get any pressure at all .
0 spend a little more and get a decent room somewhere else !
0 only one bar of soap in the bathroom and the body wash was terrible .
0 only one bar of soap in the bathroom and the body wash was terrible .
1 circus circus it was our new year hotel and we enjoyed it .
0 too bad i used to like it not going back !
1 the family enjoy their dinner very much .
0 it was a _num_ min wait for this place ?
0 they lie , internet does n't work .
1 definitely would recommend this place to anyone in vegas and would come back again .
1 they 're super friendly and the food is great .
0 that being said , it was n't a terrible place to stay .
0 this hotel was booked in error .
1 the steak itself is small and very flavorful .
1 i love coming here .
1 dr green is a real gem of a dentist and i hate dentists .
1 yesterday was my birthday and she made my day .
1 hot tea came with lemon and honey so that was really nice .
1 nice meal and excellent service .
0 the arcade games are a bit pricy and the show is expensive .
0 alcohol content : extremely low .
0 when i checked in , they gave me _num_ rooms on different floors .
1 if you are in vegas i would highly recommend this place .
0 just weak on all levels .
0 filled out an application , waited around for _num_ hrs , had to leave .
1 nice people great food ... that 's a winning combo !
0 no no no no no no no .
0 more than a _num_ people were left stranded for hours .
1 all in all this places is amazing , in particular the shrimp dishes .
0 ( gold coast was better i 'd go there instead for the same price .
0 i 've shopped here before in colorado and i sometimes find sales .
1 food- excellent , vegas prices , many gluten-free options .
1 this place is fantastic for the price !
0 : ( go back downstairs , they apologize and give us a new room .
1 the entrees were quite good .
0 the _num_ star just goes to the sangria and that is it .
1 will repeat next time we are in vegas !
1 the food is wonderful and the service is impeccable .
1 i am a frequent regular of bahama breeze and i love this place !
1 they make you simply feel great leaving there .
1 one of the best steaks i 've ever had .
1 they 've got a variety of flavors and they 're all yummy .
1 very well trained and attentive staff .
1 very well trained and attentive staff .
0 we did try the oyster bar for lunch , and it was okay .
1 food is average mexican food with high price !
0 overall : a very pedestrian experience .
1 overall - this was the best restaurant experience i 've had in years !
0 wtf is a hotel fee for !
0 i left never to go back .
0 we get into out room and it stinks from the start .
1 go , seek it out , enjoy .
1 it 's like walking on a movie set , fantastic atmosphere and food .
1 their gelato is nice and smooth - the way it 's supposed to be .
1 the wine list is excellent as is the service .
0 she allowed the appointment to stand .
0 i do not recommend anyone to stay here .
1 amazing food , service is friendly .
1 the food is also really great .
1 mix to your heart 's content !
0 it was the worst sushi ever .
0 if i could give it no stars i would .
0 i felt awkward and said good morning .
1 and the price was right !
1 our server was lovely and super friendly .
0 never has this rude subway employee .
0 but it is really quite a shame that this only deserves one star .
1 expect to come for a great time & delicious food & drinks .
1 so , bring a designated shopper with you and drink away !
